data/spreadsheet/import.md, before:

Excel File Import
==================

Loading data into SpreadSheet
-------------------------

You can easily import data from an Excel file into SpreadSheet. For this purpose, you can choose one of the ways below:

1) specifying the necessary file in the SpreadSheet constructor with the help of the api/link/ui.spreadsheet_url_config.md parameter: 

~~~js
webix.ui({
	view:"spreadsheet",
	url: "binary->../common/test.xlsx",
    datatype:"excel"
});
~~~

2) calling the api/link/ui.spreadsheet_load.md method:

~~~js
$$("ssheet").load("binary->../common/test.xlsx", "excel");
~~~

The parameters are:

- file - (string) the name of the file to load
- datatype - (string) data type (should be "excel" here)

3) using the api/link/ui.spreadsheet_parse.md method to load data to the component:

~~~js
{ view:"uploader", value:"Load from Excel file", on:{
	onBeforeFileAdd: function(upload){
		$$("ssheet").reset();
		$$("ssheet").parse(upload.file, "excel");
		return false;
	}
}}
~~~

Parameters of the parse method are the following:

- file - (object) uploaded file object
- datatype - (string) data type (should be "excel" here)

Loading via the "excel" proxy object
--------------------------------------

It's also possible to load data from and Excel file by using the "binary" proxy object and specifying the "excel" datatype.

This variant of data import allows customizing the presentation of the loaded data, such as setting the name of the sheet and controlling the number of the loaded rows.

~~~js
webix.ui({
	view:"spreadsheet",
	url: "binary->../common/test.xlsx@Data[0-10]",
	datatype:"excel"
});
~~~

The string value of the *url* property *binary->files/data.xlsx@Data[1-10]"* includes the following parts:

- **binary** - the name of the proxy object
- **../common/test.xlsx** - path to the Excel file
- **@** - optional, the delimiter that detaches the link from its parameters (can be omitted together with parameters)
- **Data** - optional, the name of the Excel sheet to render
- **[1-10]** - optional, the rows that should be rendered in the viewer

To render rows starting from a certain row, you can set the rows array as [8-].

To get more information about proxy objects read the desktop/server_proxy.md article.


{{sample
65_spreadsheet/01_basic/05_excel.html
}}

Commit message:

[update] migration, excel import for spredsheet and excelviewer docs updated

data/spreadsheet/import.md, after:

Excel File Import
==================

Loading data from Excel into SpreadSheet
-------------------------

You can easily import data from an Excel file into SpreadSheet. For this purpose, you can choose one of the ways below:

1) specifying the necessary file in the SpreadSheet constructor with the help of the api/link/ui.spreadsheet_url_config.md parameter: 

~~~js
webix.ui({
	view:"spreadsheet",
	url: "binary->../common/test.xlsx",
    datatype:"excel"
});
~~~

The notation *"binary->../common/test.xlsx"* allows loading compiled files from the computer and get their content.

The *"excel"* datatype allows parsing the content of a binary file and getting it in the form necessary for SpreadSheet. 

2) calling the api/link/ui.spreadsheet_load.md method:

~~~js
$$("ssheet").load("binary->../common/test.xlsx", "excel");
~~~

The parameters are:

- file - (string) the name of the file to load
- datatype - (string) data type (should be "excel" here)

3) using the api/link/ui.spreadsheet_parse.md method to load data to the component:

~~~js
{ view:"uploader", value:"Load from Excel file", on:{
	onBeforeFileAdd: function(upload){
		$$("ssheet").reset();
		$$("ssheet").parse(upload.file, "excel");
		return false;
	}
}}
~~~

Parameters of the parse method are the following:

- file - (object) uploaded file object
- datatype - (string) data type (should be "excel" here)

Customizing the imported data
--------------------------------------

You can customize the presentation of the loaded data: set the name of the sheet and control the number of the loaded rows.

~~~js
webix.ui({
	view:"spreadsheet",
	url: "binary->../common/test.xlsx@Data[0-10]",
	datatype:"excel"
});
~~~

The string value of the *url* property *binary->files/data.xlsx@Data[1-10]"* includes the following parts:

- **binary** - the name of the proxy object
- **../common/test.xlsx** - path to the Excel file
- **@** - optional, the delimiter that detaches the link from its parameters (can be omitted together with parameters)
- **Data** - optional, the name of the Excel sheet to render
- **[1-10]** - optional, the rows that should be rendered in the viewer

To render rows starting from a certain row, you can set the rows array as [8-].


{{sample
65_spreadsheet/01_basic/05_excel.html
}}
