data/api/refs/ui.datatable_props.md, before:

Properties
==========

{{api
- api/link/ui.datatable_animate_config.md - defines or disables view change animation.
- api/ui.datatable_areaselect_config.md - enables/disables area selection
- api/ui.datatable_autoconfig_config.md - datatable adjust configuration to the data
- api/ui.datatable_autoheight_config.md - adjusts Datatable size to the its content vertically
- api/ui.datatable_autowidth_config.md - adjusts Datatable size to its content horizontally
- api/ui.datatable_blockselect_config.md - enables/disables block selection
- api/link/ui.datatable_borderless_config.md - used to hide the component borders
- api/ui.datatable_checkboxrefresh_config.md - controls behavior of checkbox editors in grid
- api/link/ui.datatable_clipboard_config.md - enables/disables clipboard support
- api/ui.datatable_columnwidth_config.md - defines the default width for columns (in pixels)
- api/ui.datatable_columns_config.md - configures columns of the table
- api/link/ui.datatable_container_config.md - an HTML container (or its id) where the component should be initialized
- api/link/ui.datatable_css_config.md - the name of a css class that will be applied to the view container
- api/link/ui.datatable_data_config.md - JavaScript array containing data for the component
- api/ui.datatable_datafetch_config.md - defines the number of records that will be loaded into datatable during the next dynamic loading call
- api/link/ui.datatable_datathrottle_config.md - sets the polling interval (the time period between the completion of a network request and the next request for data)
- api/link/ui.datatable_datatype_config.md - the type of loaded data
- api/link/ui.datatable_delimiter_config.md - sets CSV delimiters for clipboard operations
- api/link/ui.datatable_disabled_config.md - indicates whether an item is enabled or not
- api/link/ui.datatable_drag_config.md - enables or disables drag-and-drop
- api/ui.datatable_dragcolumn_config.md - enables drag-and-drop support for columns
- api/link/ui.datatable_dragscroll_config.md - enables autoscroll of component during drag-n-drop
- api/ui.datatable_editmath_config.md - enables formular editing
- api/link/ui.datatable_editvalue_config.md - defines which data item is editable (in case of several data item in the cell/line)
- api/link/ui.datatable_editable_config.md - allows/denies editing in the view
- api/link/ui.datatable_editaction_config.md - defines the action on which editors will be opened
- api/link/ui.datatable_externaldata_config.md - allows defining custom 'move' logic for the component.
- api/ui.datatable_filtermode_config.md - defines filtering rules in tree-like components
- api/ui.datatable_fixedrowheight_config.md - defines whether the height should be fixed for all rows or can vary
- api/ui.datatable_footer_config.md - enables/disables the footer in DataTable (disabled, by default)
- api/link/ui.datatable_form_config.md - linked form
- api/link/ui.datatable_gravity_config.md - sets the view gravity (1 by default)
- api/ui.datatable_header_config.md - enables/disables the header in DataTable (enabled, by default)
- api/ui.datatable_headerrowheight_config.md - sets the heigth of the header row
- api/ui.datatable_headermenu_config.md - adds a headermenu to control column visibility
- api/link/ui.datatable_height_config.md - sets the height of the component
- api/link/ui.datatable_hidden_config.md - defines whether the view will be hidden initially
- api/ui.datatable_hover_config.md - css class for a row-hover in the datatable
- api/link/ui.datatable_id_config.md - the component ID
- api/ui.datatable_leftsplit_config.md - the number of the fixed columns from the left side of the table (actual for the <a href="datatable/frozen_columns.md">split mode</a> )
- api/ui.datatable_livevalidation_config.md - validation during cell editing
- api/ui.datatable_loadahead_config.md - sets the number of items that will be loaded on each scroll movement relative to the last item in the scrolling direction
- api/link/ui.datatable_map_config.md - defines data mapping
- api/ui.datatable_math_config.md - enables math formulas in DataTable
- api/link/ui.datatable_maxheight_config.md - sets the maximum height for the view
- api/link/ui.datatable_maxwidth_config.md - sets the maximum width for the view
- api/ui.datatable_mincolumnheight_config.md - sets the minimum height for a row
- api/ui.datatable_mincolumnwidth_config.md - sets the minimum width for a column
- api/link/ui.datatable_minheight_config.md - sets the minimal height for the view
- api/link/ui.datatable_minwidth_config.md - sets the minimal width for the view
- api/link/ui.datatable_mouseeventdelay_config.md - the delay between a real mouse action and invoking the related events
- api/ui.datatable_multiselect_config.md - enables the multi selection mode
- api/link/ui.datatable_navigation_config.md - activates the selection keyboard navigation
- api/link/ui.datatable_on_config.md - allows attaching custom handlers to inner events of the component
- api/link/ui.datatable_onclick_config.md - attaches a click behavior for component items with the specified CSS class.
- api/link/ui.datatable_oncontext_config.md - a property used to define custom context-click (right click) handlers for elements in the DataTable cells<br>
- api/link/ui.datatable_ondblclick_config.md - attaches a dblclick behavior for component items with the specified CSS class.
- api/link/ui.datatable_onmousemove_config.md - attaches a mousemove behaviour for component items with the specified CSS class.
- api/link/ui.datatable_pager_config.md - defines paging configuration ( creates a 'ui.pager' object)
- api/ui.datatable_prerender_config.md - invokes the full rendering of DataTable data
- api/link/ui.datatable_ready_config.md - event handler called just after the component has been completely initialized
- api/link/ui.datatable_removemissed_config.md - defines how to treat items in case of reloading
- api/ui.datatable_resizecolumn_config.md - enables/disables horizontal resizing of columns
- api/ui.datatable_resizerow_config.md - enables/disables vertical resizing of rows
- api/ui.datatable_rightsplit_config.md - sets the number of the fixed columns from the right side of the table (actual for the <a href="datatable/frozen_columns.md">split mode</a> )
- api/ui.datatable_rowheight_config.md - sets the default height for rows
- api/ui.datatable_rowlineheight_config.md - default line height for grid's row
- api/link/ui.datatable_rules_config.md - set of validation rules for the component
- api/link/ui.datatable_save_config.md - defines URLs for data saving
- api/link/ui.datatable_scheme_config.md - defines schemes for data processing
- api/ui.datatable_scroll_config.md - enables or disables scroll for the datatable
- api/ui.datatable_scrollaligny_config.md - enables/disables scrolling the table just by whole rows (i.e. you won't be allowed to scroll along the full length of rows)
- api/ui.datatable_scrollx_config.md - enables/disables horizontal scrolling
- api/ui.datatable_scrolly_config.md - enables/disables vertical scrolling
- api/ui.datatable_select_config.md - sets the selection mode in DataTable
- api/ui.datatable_spans_config.md - array of span configurations for the datatable
- api/ui.datatable_subrowheight_config.md - automatically adjusts the subrow's height to the size of the text
- api/ui.datatable_subrow_config.md - sets a subrow template
- api/ui.datatable_subview_config.md - adds a subview configuration into datatable
- api/link/ui.datatable_tooltip_config.md - sets a popup message appearing on pointing a mouse cursor over the dedicated item
- api/ui.datatable_topsplit_config.md - defines the number of rows that will be "frozen" at the top of datatable
- api/ui.datatable_type_config.md - used for configuring presentation of items
- api/link/ui.datatable_url_config.md - the URL which the component will use to load data after its initialization
- api/link/ui.datatable_width_config.md - sets the width of the component
- api/ui.datatable_ycount_config.md - defines height of datatable in rows
}}

@index:
- api/link/ui.datatable_animate_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_areaselect_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_autoconfig_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_autoheight_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_autowidth_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_blockselect_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_borderless_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_checkboxrefresh_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_clipboard_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_columnwidth_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_columns_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_container_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_css_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_data_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_datafetch_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_datathrottle_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_datatype_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_delimiter_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_disabled_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_drag_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_dragcolumn_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_dragscroll_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_editmath_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_editvalue_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_editable_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_editaction_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_externaldata_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_filtermode_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_fixedrowheight_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_footer_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_form_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_gravity_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_header_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_headerrowheight_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_headermenu_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_height_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_hidden_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_hover_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_id_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_leftsplit_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_livevalidation_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_loadahead_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_map_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_math_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_maxheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_maxwidth_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_mincolumnheight_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_mincolumnwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_minheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_minwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_mouseeventdelay_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_multiselect_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_navigation_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_on_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_onclick_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_oncontext_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_ondblclick_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_onmousemove_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_pager_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_prerender_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_ready_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_removemissed_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_resizecolumn_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_resizerow_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_rightsplit_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_rowheight_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_rowlineheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_rules_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_save_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_scheme_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_scroll_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_scrollaligny_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_scrollx_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_scrolly_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_select_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_spans_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_subrowheight_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_subrow_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_subview_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_tooltip_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_topsplit_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_type_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_url_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_width_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_ycount_config.md

Commit message:

[add] dataFeed config added in datatable API

data/api/refs/ui.datatable_props.md, after:

Properties
==========

{{api
- api/link/ui.datatable_animate_config.md - defines or disables view change animation.
- api/ui.datatable_areaselect_config.md - enables/disables area selection
- api/ui.datatable_autoconfig_config.md - datatable adjust configuration to the data
- api/ui.datatable_autoheight_config.md - adjusts Datatable size to the its content vertically
- api/ui.datatable_autowidth_config.md - adjusts Datatable size to its content horizontally
- api/ui.datatable_blockselect_config.md - enables/disables block selection
- api/link/ui.datatable_borderless_config.md - used to hide the component borders
- api/ui.datatable_checkboxrefresh_config.md - controls behavior of checkbox editors in grid
- api/link/ui.datatable_clipboard_config.md - enables/disables clipboard support
- api/ui.datatable_columnwidth_config.md - defines the default width for columns (in pixels)
- api/ui.datatable_columns_config.md - configures columns of the table
- api/link/ui.datatable_container_config.md - an HTML container (or its id) where the component should be initialized
- api/link/ui.datatable_css_config.md - the name of a css class that will be applied to the view container
- api/link/ui.datatable_data_config.md - JavaScript array containing data for the component
- api/link/ui.datatable_datafeed_config.md - the URL that the component will use to reload data during binding
- api/ui.datatable_datafetch_config.md - defines the number of records that will be loaded into datatable during the next dynamic loading call
- api/link/ui.datatable_datathrottle_config.md - sets the polling interval (the time period between the completion of a network request and the next request for data)
- api/link/ui.datatable_datatype_config.md - the type of loaded data
- api/link/ui.datatable_delimiter_config.md - sets CSV delimiters for clipboard operations
- api/link/ui.datatable_disabled_config.md - indicates whether an item is enabled or not
- api/link/ui.datatable_drag_config.md - enables or disables drag-and-drop
- api/ui.datatable_dragcolumn_config.md - enables drag-and-drop support for columns
- api/link/ui.datatable_dragscroll_config.md - enables autoscroll of component during drag-n-drop
- api/ui.datatable_editmath_config.md - enables formular editing
- api/link/ui.datatable_editvalue_config.md - defines which data item is editable (in case of several data item in the cell/line)
- api/link/ui.datatable_editable_config.md - allows/denies editing in the view
- api/link/ui.datatable_editaction_config.md - defines the action on which editors will be opened
- api/link/ui.datatable_externaldata_config.md - allows defining custom 'move' logic for the component.
- api/ui.datatable_filtermode_config.md - defines filtering rules in tree-like components
- api/ui.datatable_fixedrowheight_config.md - defines whether the height should be fixed for all rows or can vary
- api/ui.datatable_footer_config.md - enables/disables the footer in DataTable (disabled, by default)
- api/link/ui.datatable_form_config.md - linked form
- api/link/ui.datatable_gravity_config.md - sets the view gravity (1 by default)
- api/ui.datatable_header_config.md - enables/disables the header in DataTable (enabled, by default)
- api/ui.datatable_headerrowheight_config.md - sets the heigth of the header row
- api/ui.datatable_headermenu_config.md - adds a headermenu to control column visibility
- api/link/ui.datatable_height_config.md - sets the height of the component
- api/link/ui.datatable_hidden_config.md - defines whether the view will be hidden initially
- api/ui.datatable_hover_config.md - css class for a row-hover in the datatable
- api/link/ui.datatable_id_config.md - the component ID
- api/ui.datatable_leftsplit_config.md - the number of the fixed columns from the left side of the table (actual for the <a href="datatable/frozen_columns.md">split mode</a> )
- api/ui.datatable_livevalidation_config.md - validation during cell editing
- api/ui.datatable_loadahead_config.md - sets the number of items that will be loaded on each scroll movement relative to the last item in the scrolling direction
- api/link/ui.datatable_map_config.md - defines data mapping
- api/ui.datatable_math_config.md - enables math formulas in DataTable
- api/link/ui.datatable_maxheight_config.md - sets the maximum height for the view
- api/link/ui.datatable_maxwidth_config.md - sets the maximum width for the view
- api/ui.datatable_mincolumnheight_config.md - sets the minimum height for a row
- api/ui.datatable_mincolumnwidth_config.md - sets the minimum width for a column
- api/link/ui.datatable_minheight_config.md - sets the minimal height for the view
- api/link/ui.datatable_minwidth_config.md - sets the minimal width for the view
- api/link/ui.datatable_mouseeventdelay_config.md - the delay between a real mouse action and invoking the related events
- api/ui.datatable_multiselect_config.md - enables the multi selection mode
- api/link/ui.datatable_navigation_config.md - activates the selection keyboard navigation
- api/link/ui.datatable_on_config.md - allows attaching custom handlers to inner events of the component
- api/link/ui.datatable_onclick_config.md - attaches a click behavior for component items with the specified CSS class.
- api/link/ui.datatable_oncontext_config.md - a property used to define custom context-click (right click) handlers for elements in the DataTable cells<br>
- api/link/ui.datatable_ondblclick_config.md - attaches a dblclick behavior for component items with the specified CSS class.
- api/link/ui.datatable_onmousemove_config.md - attaches a mousemove behaviour for component items with the specified CSS class.
- api/link/ui.datatable_pager_config.md - defines paging configuration ( creates a 'ui.pager' object)
- api/ui.datatable_prerender_config.md - invokes the full rendering of DataTable data
- api/link/ui.datatable_ready_config.md - event handler called just after the component has been completely initialized
- api/link/ui.datatable_removemissed_config.md - defines how to treat items in case of reloading
- api/ui.datatable_resizecolumn_config.md - enables/disables horizontal resizing of columns
- api/ui.datatable_resizerow_config.md - enables/disables vertical resizing of rows
- api/ui.datatable_rightsplit_config.md - sets the number of the fixed columns from the right side of the table (actual for the <a href="datatable/frozen_columns.md">split mode</a> )
- api/ui.datatable_rowheight_config.md - sets the default height for rows
- api/ui.datatable_rowlineheight_config.md - default line height for grid's row
- api/link/ui.datatable_rules_config.md - set of validation rules for the component
- api/link/ui.datatable_save_config.md - defines URLs for data saving
- api/link/ui.datatable_scheme_config.md - defines schemes for data processing
- api/ui.datatable_scroll_config.md - enables or disables scroll for the datatable
- api/ui.datatable_scrollaligny_config.md - enables/disables scrolling the table just by whole rows (i.e. you won't be allowed to scroll along the full length of rows)
- api/ui.datatable_scrollx_config.md - enables/disables horizontal scrolling
- api/ui.datatable_scrolly_config.md - enables/disables vertical scrolling
- api/ui.datatable_select_config.md - sets the selection mode in DataTable
- api/ui.datatable_spans_config.md - array of span configurations for the datatable
- api/ui.datatable_subrowheight_config.md - automatically adjusts the subrow's height to the size of the text
- api/ui.datatable_subrow_config.md - sets a subrow template
- api/ui.datatable_subview_config.md - adds a subview configuration into datatable
- api/link/ui.datatable_tooltip_config.md - sets a popup message appearing on pointing a mouse cursor over the dedicated item
- api/ui.datatable_topsplit_config.md - defines the number of rows that will be "frozen" at the top of datatable
- api/ui.datatable_type_config.md - used for configuring presentation of items
- api/link/ui.datatable_url_config.md - the URL which the component will use to load data after its initialization
- api/link/ui.datatable_width_config.md - sets the width of the component
- api/ui.datatable_ycount_config.md - defines height of datatable in rows
}}

@index:
- api/link/ui.datatable_animate_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_areaselect_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_autoconfig_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_autoheight_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_autowidth_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_blockselect_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_borderless_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_checkboxrefresh_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_clipboard_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_columnwidth_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_columns_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_container_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_css_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_data_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_datafeed_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_datafetch_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_datathrottle_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_datatype_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_delimiter_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_disabled_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_drag_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_dragcolumn_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_dragscroll_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_editmath_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_editvalue_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_editable_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_editaction_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_externaldata_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_filtermode_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_fixedrowheight_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_footer_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_form_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_gravity_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_header_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_headerrowheight_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_headermenu_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_height_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_hidden_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_hover_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_id_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_leftsplit_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_livevalidation_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_loadahead_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_map_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_math_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_maxheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_maxwidth_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_mincolumnheight_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_mincolumnwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_minheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_minwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_mouseeventdelay_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_multiselect_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_navigation_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_on_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_onclick_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_oncontext_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_ondblclick_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_onmousemove_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_pager_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_prerender_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_ready_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_removemissed_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_resizecolumn_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_resizerow_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_rightsplit_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_rowheight_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_rowlineheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_rules_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_save_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_scheme_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_scroll_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_scrollaligny_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_scrollx_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_scrolly_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_select_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_spans_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_subrowheight_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_subrow_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_subview_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_tooltip_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_topsplit_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_type_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_url_config.md
- api/link/ui.datatable_width_config.md
- api/ui.datatable_ycount_config.md
