data/api/refs/ui.filemanager.md, before:

ui.filemanager 
=============


dummy stub

{{todo replace with real description. }}

<div class='webixdoc_parents'><span>Based on: </span>
<a href="api/refs/progressbar.md">ProgressBar</a>, <a href="api/refs/idspace.md">IdSpace</a>, <a href="api/refs/ui.layout.md">ui.layout</a>, <a href="api/refs/ui.baselayout.md">ui.baselayout</a>, <a href="api/refs/eventsystem.md">EventSystem</a>, <a href="api/refs/ui.baseview.md">ui.baseview</a>, <a href="api/refs/settings.md">Settings</a>, <a href="api/refs/destruction.md">Destruction</a>, <a href="api/refs/basebind.md">BaseBind</a>, <a href="api/refs/uiextension.md">UIExtension</a>, <a href="api/refs/treedatamove.md">TreeDataMove</a>, <a href="api/refs/treedataloader.md">TreeDataLoader</a>, <a href="api/refs/treestore.md">TreeStore</a>, <a href="api/refs/datastore.md">DataStore</a>, <a href="api/refs/dataloader.md">DataLoader</a>, <a href="api/refs/atomdataloader.md">AtomDataLoader</a></div>


<div class='h2'>Methods</div>

{{api
- api/link/ui.filemanager_add.md - adds an item to the store
- api/link/ui.filemanager_addview.md - add new view to layout-like component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_adjust.md - adjusts the component to the size of the parent HTML container
- api/link/ui.filemanager_attachevent.md - attaches the handler to an inner event of the component (allows behaviour customizations)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_bind.md - binds components
- api/link/ui.filemanager_blockevent.md - temporarily blocks triggering of ALL events of the calling object
- api/link/ui.filemanager_callevent.md - calls an inner event
- api/link/ui.filemanager_clearall.md - removes all items from the component
- api/ui.filemanager_clearbranch.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_copy.md - makes a copy of item
- api/ui.filemanager_copyfile.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_count.md - returns the number of currently visible items
- api/ui.filemanager_createfolder.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_define.md - redefines a single configuration property (or a hash of properties)
- api/ui.filemanager_deletefile.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_destructor.md - destroy datastore
- api/link/ui.filemanager_detachevent.md - detaches a handler from an event (which was attached before by the attachEvent method)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_disable.md - disables the calling view (makes it dimmed and unclickable)
- api/ui.filemanager_download.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_editfile.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_enable.md - enables the calling view that was disabled by the 'disable' method
- api/link/ui.filemanager_exists.md - checks whether an item with the specified id exists
- api/ui.filemanager_fileexists.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_filter.md - filters the component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_find.md - returns rows that match the criterion
- api/ui.filemanager_getactive.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_getactiveview.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getbranchindex.md - gets index of the node in a specific branch
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getchildviews.md - returns child views of the calling component
- api/ui.filemanager_getcurrentfolder.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getfirstchildid.md - gets the ID of the first child of the specified branch
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getfirstid.md - returns the ID of the first item
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getformview.md - returns master form for the input
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getidbyindex.md - returns the id of the item with the specified index
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getindexbyid.md - returns the index of the item with the specified id
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getitem.md - gets the object of the data item with the specified id
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getlastid.md - returns the id of the last item
- api/ui.filemanager_getmenu.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getnextid.md - returns the ID of an item which is positioned the specified step after the specified item
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getnextsiblingid.md - returns the id of the next sibling of the specified node
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getnode.md - returns the main HTML container for the calling object
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getparentid.md - get the ID of the parent node of the specified item
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getparentview.md - returns the parent view of the component
- api/ui.filemanager_getpath.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_getpathnames.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getprevid.md - returns the ID of an item which is positioned the specified step before the specified item
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getprevsiblingid.md - returns the id of the previous sibling of the specified node
- api/ui.filemanager_getsearchdata.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_getselectedfile.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_gettopparentview.md - returns top parent view
- api/ui.filemanager_getuploader.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_goback.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_goforward.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_hasevent.md - checks whether the component has the specified event
- api/link/ui.filemanager_hide.md - hides the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_hideprogress.md - hides a progress bar/icon
- api/ui.filemanager_hidesearchresults.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_hidetree.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_index.md - returns the cell index in the layout collection
- api/link/ui.filemanager_innerid.md - returns the unique inner ID of an item
- api/link/ui.filemanager_isbranch.md - checks whether the node has any children
- api/link/ui.filemanager_isenabled.md - checks whether the view is enabled
- api/link/ui.filemanager_isvisible.md - checks whether the view is visible
- api/ui.filemanager_levelup.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_load.md - loads data from an external data source.
- api/link/ui.filemanager_loadbranch.md - loads data to the specified branch, as direct children of the node with the id provided
- api/ui.filemanager_loaddyndata.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_loadnext.md - sends a request to load the specified number of records to the end of the clientside dataset or to the specified position
- api/link/ui.filemanager_mapevent.md - routes events from one object to another
- api/ui.filemanager_markcopy.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_markcut.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_move.md - moves the specified item to the new position
- api/ui.filemanager_movefile.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_openfolders.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_parse.md - loads data to the component from an inline data source
- api/ui.filemanager_parsedata.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_pastefile.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_reconstruct.md - rebuilds the layout
- api/link/ui.filemanager_refresh.md - repaints the whole view or a certain item
- api/link/ui.filemanager_remove.md - removes the specified item/items from datastore
- api/link/ui.filemanager_removeview.md - removes view from layout-like component
- api/ui.filemanager_renamefile.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_resize.md - adjusts the view to a new size
- api/link/ui.filemanager_resizechildren.md - resizes all children of the calling component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_serialize.md - serializes data to a JSON object
- api/ui.filemanager_setpath.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_show.md - makes the component visible
- api/link/ui.filemanager_showbatch.md - makes visible those elements which parameter 'batch' is set to the specified name
- api/link/ui.filemanager_showprogress.md - displays a progress bar/ progress icon
- api/ui.filemanager_showsearchresults.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_showtree.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_sort.md - sorts datastore
- api/link/ui.filemanager_sync.md - allows syncing two copies of data (all or just a part of it) from one DataCollection to another
- api/link/ui.filemanager_ui.md - allows creating new ui, the id of which will be locked in the parent id space
- api/link/ui.filemanager_unbind.md - breaks "bind" link
- api/link/ui.filemanager_unblockevent.md - cancels blocking events that was enabled by the 'blockEvent' command
- api/link/ui.filemanager_updateitem.md - sets properties of the data item
- api/ui.filemanager_uploadfile.md - 
}}


<div class='h2'>Events</div>


{{api
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onafteradd_event.md - fires after adding item to datastore
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onafterdelete_event.md - fires after item deleting
- api/ui.filemanager_onafterhidetree_event.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_onafterleveldown_event.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onafterload_event.md - fires after data loading is complete
- api/ui.filemanager_onafterrun_event.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_onaftershowtree_event.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onaftersort_event.md - fires after sorting dataset
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onbeforeadd_event.md - fires before adding item to datastore
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onbeforedelete_event.md - fires before item deleting
- api/ui.filemanager_onbeforehidetree_event.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_onbeforeleveldown_event.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onbeforeload_event.md - occurs immediately before data loading has been started
- api/ui.filemanager_onbeforerun_event.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_onbeforeshowtree_event.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onbeforesort_event.md - fires before sorting dataset
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onbindrequest_event.md - fires when the component is ready to receive data from the master component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_ondatarequest_event.md - fires when data from the server is requested for linear data structures (List, DataTable, DataView etc.) to implement dynamic data loading
- api/link/ui.filemanager_ondataupdate_event.md - fires when data item is in update process
- api/link/ui.filemanager_ondestruct_event.md - occurs when component destroyed
- api/ui.filemanager_onfolderselect_event.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_onhidesearchresults_event.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_onitemrename_event.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onloaderror_event.md - fires when an error occurs during data loading ( invalid server side response )
}}


<div class='h2'>Properties</div>

{{api
- api/link/ui.filemanager_animate_config.md - defines or disables view change animation.
- api/link/ui.filemanager_borderless_config.md - used to hide the component borders
- api/link/ui.filemanager_cols_config.md - array of views objects arranged horizontally
- api/link/ui.filemanager_container_config.md - an html container (or its id) where the component needs initializing
- api/link/ui.filemanager_css_config.md - the name of a css class that will be applied to the view container
- api/link/ui.filemanager_data_config.md - JavaScript array containing data for the component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_datafeed_config.md - the URL that the component will use to reload data during binding
- api/link/ui.filemanager_datathrottle_config.md - sets the polling interval (the time period between the completion of a network request and the next request for data)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_datatype_config.md - the type of loaded data
- api/link/ui.filemanager_disabled_config.md - indicates whether an item is enabled or not
- api/link/ui.filemanager_filtermode_config.md - defines the pattern for tree item filtering
- api/ui.filemanager_fsids_config.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_gravity_config.md - sets the view gravity (1 by default)
- api/ui.filemanager_handlers_config.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_height_config.md - sets the height of the component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_hidden_config.md - defines whether the view will be hidden initially
- api/ui.filemanager_icons_config.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_id_config.md - the component ID
- api/ui.filemanager_idchange_config.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_isolate_config.md - masks IDs of all inner element
- api/link/ui.filemanager_margin_config.md - defines the space around elements (applies the specified value to all elements)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_maxheight_config.md - sets the maximum height for the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_maxwidth_config.md - sets the maximum width for the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_minheight_config.md - sets the minimal height for the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_minwidth_config.md - sets the minimal width for the view
- api/ui.filemanager_mode_config.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_modes_config.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_on_config.md - allows attaching custom handlers to inner events of the component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_padding_config.md - defines the space between the element borders and content (applies the specified value to all sides).
- api/link/ui.filemanager_paddingx_config.md - sets the right and left padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_paddingy_config.md - sets the top and bottom padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_ready_config.md - event handler called just after the component has been completely initialized
- api/link/ui.filemanager_removemissed_config.md - defines how to treat items in case of reloading
- api/link/ui.filemanager_responsive_config.md - enables responsive mode for horizontal layout
- api/link/ui.filemanager_rows_config.md - array of views objects arranged vertically
- api/link/ui.filemanager_save_config.md - defines URLs for data saving
- api/link/ui.filemanager_scheme_config.md - defines schemes for data processing
- api/ui.filemanager_structure_config.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_templatecreate_config.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_templatedate_config.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_templateicon_config.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_templatename_config.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_templatesize_config.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_templatetype_config.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_type_config.md - defines the layout borders
- api/ui.filemanager_uploadprogress_config.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_url_config.md - the URL which the component will use to load data after its initialization
- api/link/ui.filemanager_visiblebatch_config.md - sets the batch that will be shown initially
- api/link/ui.filemanager_width_config.md - sets the width of the component
}}





<div class='h2'>Other</div>


{{api
- api/link/ui.filemanager_$$_other.md - locates sub-item by id
- api/link/ui.filemanager_$dropallow_other.md - can be redefine if you need custom drop rules
- api/link/ui.filemanager_$getsize_other.md - returns the current size of the component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_$height_other.md - current height of the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_$setsize_other.md - sets the component size
- api/link/ui.filemanager_$skin_other.md - the method which will be called when skin is defined
- api/link/ui.filemanager_$view_other.md - reference to top html element of the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_$width_other.md - current width of the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_config_other.md - all options from initial component configuration
- api/link/ui.filemanager_name_other.md - indicates the name of the component (a read-only property)
}}


@index:
- api/refs/ui.filemanager_methods.md
- api/refs/ui.filemanager_props.md
- api/refs/ui.filemanager_events.md
- api/refs/ui.filemanager_others.md

Commit message:

file manager methods and properties descriptions added

data/api/refs/ui.filemanager.md, after:

ui.filemanager 
=============


{{memo A handy widget for navigation and manipulation of files and folders.}}

File Manager is a powerful tool for working with different hierarchical data. It allows easily navigating through items, moving them, performing CRUD operations and uploading new elements.

Check desktop/file_manager.md  documentation for more information.

###Constructor 

~~~js
var filemanager = webix.ui({
    view:"filemanager",
    id:"files"
});
$$("files").load("files.php");
~~~

### Where to start

- [Overview of the File Manager Widget](desktop/file_manager.md)
- [Samples](http://docs.webix.com/samples/64_file_manager/index.html)

<div class='webixdoc_parents'><span>Based on: </span>
<a href="api/refs/progressbar.md">ProgressBar</a>, <a href="api/refs/idspace.md">IdSpace</a>, <a href="api/refs/ui.layout.md">ui.layout</a>, <a href="api/refs/ui.baselayout.md">ui.baselayout</a>, <a href="api/refs/eventsystem.md">EventSystem</a>, <a href="api/refs/ui.baseview.md">ui.baseview</a>, <a href="api/refs/settings.md">Settings</a>, <a href="api/refs/destruction.md">Destruction</a>, <a href="api/refs/basebind.md">BaseBind</a>, <a href="api/refs/uiextension.md">UIExtension</a>, <a href="api/refs/treedatamove.md">TreeDataMove</a>, <a href="api/refs/treedataloader.md">TreeDataLoader</a>, <a href="api/refs/treestore.md">TreeStore</a>, <a href="api/refs/datastore.md">DataStore</a>, <a href="api/refs/dataloader.md">DataLoader</a>, <a href="api/refs/atomdataloader.md">AtomDataLoader</a></div>


<div class='h2'>Methods</div>

{{api
- api/link/ui.filemanager_add.md - adds an item to the store
- api/link/ui.filemanager_addview.md - add new view to layout-like component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_adjust.md - adjusts the component to the size of the parent HTML container
- api/link/ui.filemanager_attachevent.md - attaches the handler to an inner event of the component (allows behaviour customizations)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_bind.md - binds components
- api/link/ui.filemanager_blockevent.md - temporarily blocks triggering of ALL events of the calling object
- api/link/ui.filemanager_callevent.md - calls an inner event
- api/link/ui.filemanager_clearall.md - removes all items from the component 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_copy.md - makes a copy of item
- api/ui.filemanager_copyfile.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_count.md - returns the number of currently visible items
- api/ui.filemanager_createfolder.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_define.md - redefines a single configuration property (or a hash of properties)
- api/ui.filemanager_deletefile.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_destructor.md - destroy datastore
- api/link/ui.filemanager_detachevent.md - detaches a handler from an event (which was attached before by the attachEvent method)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_disable.md - disables the calling view (makes it dimmed and unclickable)
- api/ui.filemanager_download.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_editfile.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_enable.md - enables the calling view that was disabled by the 'disable' method
- api/link/ui.filemanager_exists.md - checks whether an item with the specified id exists
- api/ui.filemanager_fileexists.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_filter.md - filters the component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_find.md - returns rows that match the criterion
- api/ui.filemanager_getactive.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_getactiveview.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getbranchindex.md - gets index of the node in a specific branch
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getchildviews.md - returns child views of the calling component
- api/ui.filemanager_getcurrentfolder.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getfirstchildid.md - gets the ID of the first child of the specified branch
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getfirstid.md - returns the ID of the first item
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getformview.md - returns master form for the input
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getidbyindex.md - returns the id of the item with the specified index
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getindexbyid.md - returns the index of the item with the specified id
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getitem.md - gets the object of the data item with the specified id
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getlastid.md - returns the id of the last item
- api/ui.filemanager_getmenu.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getnextid.md - returns the ID of an item which is positioned the specified step after the specified item
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getnextsiblingid.md - returns the id of the next sibling of the specified node
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getnode.md - returns the main HTML container for the calling object
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getparentid.md - get the ID of the parent node of the specified item
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getparentview.md - returns the parent view of the component
- api/ui.filemanager_getpath.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_getpathnames.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getprevid.md - returns the ID of an item which is positioned the specified step before the specified item
- api/link/ui.filemanager_getprevsiblingid.md - returns the id of the previous sibling of the specified node
- api/ui.filemanager_getsearchdata.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_getselectedfile.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_gettopparentview.md - returns top parent view
- api/ui.filemanager_getuploader.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_goback.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_goforward.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_hasevent.md - checks whether the component has the specified event
- api/link/ui.filemanager_hide.md - hides the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_hideprogress.md - hides a progress bar/icon
- api/ui.filemanager_hidesearchresults.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_hidetree.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_index.md - returns the cell index in the layout collection
- api/link/ui.filemanager_innerid.md - returns the unique inner ID of an item
- api/link/ui.filemanager_isbranch.md - checks whether the node has any children
- api/link/ui.filemanager_isenabled.md - checks whether the view is enabled
- api/link/ui.filemanager_isvisible.md - checks whether the view is visible
- api/ui.filemanager_levelup.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_load.md - loads data from an external data source.
- api/link/ui.filemanager_loadbranch.md - loads data to the specified branch, as direct children of the node with the id provided
- api/ui.filemanager_loaddyndata.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_loadnext.md - sends a request to load the specified number of records to the end of the clientside dataset or to the specified position
- api/link/ui.filemanager_mapevent.md - routes events from one object to another
- api/ui.filemanager_markcopy.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_markcut.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_move.md - moves the specified item to the new position
- api/ui.filemanager_movefile.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_openfolders.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_parse.md - loads data to the component from an inline data source
- api/ui.filemanager_parsedata.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_pastefile.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_reconstruct.md - rebuilds the layout
- api/link/ui.filemanager_refresh.md - repaints the whole view or a certain item
- api/link/ui.filemanager_remove.md - removes the specified item/items from datastore
- api/link/ui.filemanager_removeview.md - removes view from layout-like component
- api/ui.filemanager_renamefile.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_resize.md - adjusts the view to a new size
- api/link/ui.filemanager_resizechildren.md - resizes all children of the calling component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_serialize.md - serializes data to a JSON object
- api/ui.filemanager_setpath.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_show.md - makes the component visible
- api/link/ui.filemanager_showbatch.md - makes visible those elements which parameter 'batch' is set to the specified name
- api/link/ui.filemanager_showprogress.md - displays a progress bar/ progress icon
- api/ui.filemanager_showsearchresults.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_showtree.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_sort.md - sorts datastore
- api/link/ui.filemanager_sync.md - allows syncing two copies of data (all or just a part of it) from one DataCollection to another
- api/link/ui.filemanager_ui.md - allows creating new ui, the id of which will be locked in the parent id space
- api/link/ui.filemanager_unbind.md - breaks "bind" link
- api/link/ui.filemanager_unblockevent.md - cancels blocking events that was enabled by the 'blockEvent' command
- api/link/ui.filemanager_updateitem.md - sets properties of the data item
- api/ui.filemanager_uploadfile.md - 
}}


<div class='h2'>Events</div>


{{api
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onafteradd_event.md - fires after adding item to datastore
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onafterdelete_event.md - fires after item deleting
- api/ui.filemanager_onafterhidetree_event.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_onafterleveldown_event.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onafterload_event.md - fires after data loading is complete
- api/ui.filemanager_onafterrun_event.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_onaftershowtree_event.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onaftersort_event.md - fires after sorting dataset
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onbeforeadd_event.md - fires before adding item to datastore
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onbeforedelete_event.md - fires before item deleting
- api/ui.filemanager_onbeforehidetree_event.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_onbeforeleveldown_event.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onbeforeload_event.md - occurs immediately before data loading has been started
- api/ui.filemanager_onbeforerun_event.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_onbeforeshowtree_event.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onbeforesort_event.md - fires before sorting dataset
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onbindrequest_event.md - fires when the component is ready to receive data from the master component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_ondatarequest_event.md - fires when data from the server is requested for linear data structures (List, DataTable, DataView etc.) to implement dynamic data loading
- api/link/ui.filemanager_ondataupdate_event.md - fires when data item is in update process
- api/link/ui.filemanager_ondestruct_event.md - occurs when component destroyed
- api/ui.filemanager_onfolderselect_event.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_onhidesearchresults_event.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_onitemrename_event.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_onloaderror_event.md - fires when an error occurs during data loading ( invalid server side response )
}}


<div class='h2'>Properties</div>

{{api
- api/link/ui.filemanager_animate_config.md - defines or disables view change animation.
- api/link/ui.filemanager_borderless_config.md - used to hide the component borders
- api/link/ui.filemanager_cols_config.md - array of views objects arranged horizontally
- api/link/ui.filemanager_container_config.md - an html container (or its id) where the component needs initializing
- api/link/ui.filemanager_css_config.md - the name of a css class that will be applied to the view container
- api/link/ui.filemanager_data_config.md - JavaScript array containing data for the component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_datafeed_config.md - the URL that the component will use to reload data during binding
- api/link/ui.filemanager_datathrottle_config.md - sets the polling interval (the time period between the completion of a network request and the next request for data)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_datatype_config.md - the type of loaded data
- api/link/ui.filemanager_disabled_config.md - indicates whether an item is enabled or not
- api/link/ui.filemanager_filtermode_config.md - defines the pattern for tree item filtering
- api/ui.filemanager_fsids_config.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_gravity_config.md - sets the view gravity (1 by default)
- api/ui.filemanager_handlers_config.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_height_config.md - sets the height of the component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_hidden_config.md - defines whether the view will be hidden initially
- api/ui.filemanager_icons_config.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_id_config.md - the component ID
- api/ui.filemanager_idchange_config.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_isolate_config.md - masks IDs of all inner element
- api/link/ui.filemanager_margin_config.md - defines the space around elements (applies the specified value to all elements)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_maxheight_config.md - sets the maximum height for the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_maxwidth_config.md - sets the maximum width for the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_minheight_config.md - sets the minimal height for the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_minwidth_config.md - sets the minimal width for the view
- api/ui.filemanager_mode_config.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_modes_config.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_on_config.md - allows attaching custom handlers to inner events of the component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_padding_config.md - defines the space between the element borders and content (applies the specified value to all sides).
- api/link/ui.filemanager_paddingx_config.md - sets the right and left padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_paddingy_config.md - sets the top and bottom padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_ready_config.md - event handler called just after the component has been completely initialized
- api/link/ui.filemanager_removemissed_config.md - defines how to treat items in case of reloading
- api/link/ui.filemanager_responsive_config.md - enables responsive mode for horizontal layout
- api/link/ui.filemanager_rows_config.md - array of views objects arranged vertically
- api/link/ui.filemanager_save_config.md - defines URLs for data saving
- api/link/ui.filemanager_scheme_config.md - defines schemes for data processing
- api/ui.filemanager_structure_config.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_templatecreate_config.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_templatedate_config.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_templateicon_config.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_templatename_config.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_templatesize_config.md - 
- api/ui.filemanager_templatetype_config.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_type_config.md - defines the layout borders
- api/ui.filemanager_uploadprogress_config.md - 
- api/link/ui.filemanager_url_config.md - the URL which the component will use to load data after its initialization
- api/link/ui.filemanager_visiblebatch_config.md - sets the batch that will be shown initially
- api/link/ui.filemanager_width_config.md - sets the width of the component
}}





<div class='h2'>Other</div>


{{api
- api/link/ui.filemanager_$$_other.md - locates sub-item by id
- api/link/ui.filemanager_$dropallow_other.md - can be redefine if you need custom drop rules
- api/link/ui.filemanager_$getsize_other.md - returns the current size of the component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_$height_other.md - current height of the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_$setsize_other.md - sets the component size
- api/link/ui.filemanager_$skin_other.md - the method which will be called when skin is defined
- api/link/ui.filemanager_$view_other.md - reference to top html element of the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_$width_other.md - current width of the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_config_other.md - all options from initial component configuration
- api/link/ui.filemanager_name_other.md - indicates the name of the component (a read-only property)
}}


@index:
- api/refs/ui.filemanager_methods.md
- api/refs/ui.filemanager_props.md
- api/refs/ui.filemanager_events.md
- api/refs/ui.filemanager_others.md
