data/api/refs/ui.filemanager_props.md, before:

Properties
==========

{{api
- api/link/ui.filemanager_animate_config.md - defines or disables view change animation.
- api/link/ui.filemanager_borderless_config.md - used to hide the component borders
- api/link/ui.filemanager_cols_config.md - array of views objects arranged horizontally
- api/link/ui.filemanager_container_config.md - an html container (or its id) where the component needs initializing
- api/link/ui.filemanager_css_config.md - the name of a css class that will be applied to the view container
- api/link/ui.filemanager_data_config.md - JavaScript array containing data for the component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_datathrottle_config.md - sets the polling interval (the time period between the completion of a network request and the next request for data)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_datatype_config.md - the type of loaded data
- api/link/ui.filemanager_disabled_config.md - indicates whether an item is enabled or not
- api/ui.filemanager_disabledhistory_config.md - disables the tracking history ("false" by default)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_filtermode_config.md - defines the pattern for tree item filtering
- api/link/ui.filemanager_gravity_config.md - sets the view gravity (1 by default)
- api/ui.filemanager_handlers_config.md - specifies the collection of server scripts for action handling
- api/link/ui.filemanager_height_config.md - sets the height of the component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_hidden_config.md - defines whether the view will be hidden initially
- api/ui.filemanager_icons_config.md - defines icons for File Manager
- api/link/ui.filemanager_id_config.md - the component ID
- api/link/ui.filemanager_isolate_config.md - masks IDs of all inner element
- api/link/ui.filemanager_margin_config.md - defines the space around elements (applies the specified value to all elements)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_maxheight_config.md - sets the maximum height for the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_maxwidth_config.md - sets the maximum width for the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_minheight_config.md - sets the minimal height for the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_minwidth_config.md - sets the minimal width for the view
- api/ui.filemanager_mode_config.md - defines the id of the initially selected mode ("table" by default)
- api/ui.filemanager_modes_config.md - specifies an array of modes in the File view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_on_config.md - allows attaching custom handlers to inner events of the component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_padding_config.md - defines the space between the element borders and content (applies the specified value to all sides).
- api/link/ui.filemanager_paddingx_config.md - sets the right and left padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_paddingy_config.md - sets the top and bottom padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/ui.filemanager_readonly_config.md - sets File Manager into readonly mode ("false" by default)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_ready_config.md - event handler called just after the component has been completely initialized
- api/link/ui.filemanager_removemissed_config.md - defines how to treat items in case of reloading
- api/link/ui.filemanager_responsive_config.md - enables responsive mode for horizontal layout
- api/link/ui.filemanager_rows_config.md - array of views objects arranged vertically
- api/link/ui.filemanager_save_config.md - defines URLs for data saving
- api/link/ui.filemanager_scheme_config.md - defines schemes for data processing
- api/ui.filemanager_structure_config.md - sets the configuration of File Manager views
- api/ui.filemanager_templatecreate_config.md - defines a template for a newly created folder
- api/ui.filemanager_templatedate_config.md - defines a template applied for the format of folder/file's date of modification
- api/ui.filemanager_templateicon_config.md - defines a template for icons that can be customized (used in "files" and "table" views)
- api/ui.filemanager_templatename_config.md - defines a template applied for the folder/file's name
- api/ui.filemanager_templatesize_config.md - defines a template applied for the file size
- api/ui.filemanager_templatetype_config.md - defines a template applied for the file type
- api/link/ui.filemanager_type_config.md - defines the layout borders
- api/ui.filemanager_uploadprogress_config.md - defines an object with configuration of progress bar that appears during the upload
- api/link/ui.filemanager_url_config.md - the URL which the component will use to load data after its initialization
- api/link/ui.filemanager_visiblebatch_config.md - sets the batch that will be shown initially
- api/link/ui.filemanager_width_config.md - sets the width of the component
}}

@index:
- api/link/ui.filemanager_animate_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_borderless_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_cols_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_container_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_css_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_data_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_datathrottle_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_datatype_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_disabled_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_disabledhistory_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_filtermode_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_gravity_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_handlers_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_height_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_hidden_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_icons_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_id_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_isolate_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_margin_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_maxheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_maxwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_minheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_minwidth_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_mode_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_modes_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_on_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_padding_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_paddingx_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_paddingy_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_readonly_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_ready_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_removemissed_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_responsive_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_rows_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_save_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_scheme_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_structure_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_templatecreate_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_templatedate_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_templateicon_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_templatename_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_templatesize_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_templatetype_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_type_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_uploadprogress_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_url_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_visiblebatch_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_width_config.md

Commit message:

onsuccessresponse event added for file manager

data/api/refs/ui.filemanager_props.md, after:

Properties
==========

{{api
- api/link/ui.filemanager_animate_config.md - defines or disables view change animation.
- api/link/ui.filemanager_borderless_config.md - used to hide the component borders
- api/link/ui.filemanager_cols_config.md - array of views objects arranged horizontally
- api/link/ui.filemanager_container_config.md - an html container (or its id) where the component needs initializing
- api/link/ui.filemanager_css_config.md - the name of a css class that will be applied to the view container
- api/link/ui.filemanager_data_config.md - JavaScript array containing data for the component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_datathrottle_config.md - sets the polling interval (the time period between the completion of a network request and the next request for data)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_datatype_config.md - the type of loaded data
- api/link/ui.filemanager_disabled_config.md - indicates whether an item is enabled or not
- api/ui.filemanager_disabledhistory_config.md - disables the tracking history ("false" by default)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_filtermode_config.md - defines the pattern for tree item filtering
- api/link/ui.filemanager_gravity_config.md - sets the view gravity (1 by default)
- api/ui.filemanager_handlers_config.md - specifies the collection of server scripts for action handling
- api/link/ui.filemanager_height_config.md - sets the height of the component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_hidden_config.md - defines whether the view will be hidden initially
- api/ui.filemanager_icons_config.md - defines icons for File Manager
- api/link/ui.filemanager_id_config.md - the component ID
- api/link/ui.filemanager_isolate_config.md - masks IDs of all inner element
- api/link/ui.filemanager_margin_config.md - defines the space around elements (applies the specified value to all elements)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_maxheight_config.md - sets the maximum height for the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_maxwidth_config.md - sets the maximum width for the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_minheight_config.md - sets the minimal height for the view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_minwidth_config.md - sets the minimal width for the view
- api/ui.filemanager_mode_config.md - defines the id of the initially selected mode ("table" by default)
- api/ui.filemanager_modes_config.md - specifies an array of modes in the File view
- api/link/ui.filemanager_on_config.md - allows attaching custom handlers to inner events of the component
- api/link/ui.filemanager_padding_config.md - defines the space between the element borders and content (applies the specified value to all sides).
- api/link/ui.filemanager_paddingx_config.md - sets the right and left padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_paddingy_config.md - sets the top and bottom padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/ui.filemanager_readonly_config.md - sets File Manager into readonly mode ("false" by default)
- api/link/ui.filemanager_ready_config.md - event handler called just after the component has been completely initialized
- api/link/ui.filemanager_removemissed_config.md - defines how to treat items in case of reloading
- api/link/ui.filemanager_responsive_config.md - enables responsive mode for horizontal layout
- api/link/ui.filemanager_rows_config.md - array of views objects arranged vertically
- api/link/ui.filemanager_save_config.md - defines URLs for data saving
- api/link/ui.filemanager_scheme_config.md - defines schemes for data processing
- api/ui.filemanager_structure_config.md - sets the configuration of File Manager views
- api/ui.filemanager_templatecreate_config.md - specifies properties for a newly created folder
- api/ui.filemanager_templatedate_config.md - specifies the format of folder/file's date of modification
- api/ui.filemanager_templateicon_config.md - a customizable template for icons in "Files" and "Table" view modes
- api/ui.filemanager_templatename_config.md - specifies how the folder/file's name will be displayed in File Manager
- api/ui.filemanager_templatesize_config.md - specifies the file size
- api/ui.filemanager_templatetype_config.md - specifies the type of a file
- api/link/ui.filemanager_type_config.md - defines the layout borders
- api/ui.filemanager_uploadprogress_config.md - defines an object with configuration of progress bar that appears during the upload
- api/link/ui.filemanager_url_config.md - the URL which the component will use to load data after its initialization
- api/link/ui.filemanager_visiblebatch_config.md - sets the batch that will be shown initially
- api/link/ui.filemanager_width_config.md - sets the width of the component
}}

@index:
- api/link/ui.filemanager_animate_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_borderless_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_cols_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_container_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_css_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_data_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_datathrottle_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_datatype_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_disabled_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_disabledhistory_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_filtermode_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_gravity_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_handlers_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_height_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_hidden_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_icons_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_id_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_isolate_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_margin_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_maxheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_maxwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_minheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_minwidth_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_mode_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_modes_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_on_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_padding_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_paddingx_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_paddingy_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_readonly_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_ready_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_removemissed_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_responsive_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_rows_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_save_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_scheme_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_structure_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_templatecreate_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_templatedate_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_templateicon_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_templatename_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_templatesize_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_templatetype_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_type_config.md
- api/ui.filemanager_uploadprogress_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_url_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_visiblebatch_config.md
- api/link/ui.filemanager_width_config.md
