data/api/refs/ui.pivot_props.md, before:

Properties
==========

{{api
- api/link/ui.pivot_animate_config.md - defines or disables view change animation.
- api/link/ui.pivot_borderless_config.md - used to hide the component borders
- api/link/ui.pivot_cols_config.md - array of views objects arranged horizontally
- api/ui.pivot_columnwidth_config.md - defines the default width for columns (in pixels)
- api/link/ui.pivot_container_config.md - an html container (or its id) where the component needs initializing
- api/link/ui.pivot_css_config.md - the name of a css class that will be applied to the view container
- api/link/ui.pivot_data_config.md - JavaScript array containing data for the component
- api/link/ui.pivot_datatype_config.md - the type of loaded data
- api/link/ui.pivot_disabled_config.md - indicates whether an item is enabled or not
- api/ui.pivot_fieldmap_config.md - defines custom labels for fields
- api/ui.pivot_filterlabelalign_config.md - sets the horizontal alignment of the filters' labels in Pivot Chart
- api/ui.pivot_filterlabelwidth_config.md - sets the width of the filters' labels
- api/ui.pivot_filterminwidth_config.md - sets the minimal width of filters (both input and label) in the pivot header
- api/ui.pivot_filterwidth_config.md - sets the width of filters (both input and label) in the pivot header
- api/link/ui.pivot_gravity_config.md - sets the view gravity (1 by default)
- api/link/ui.pivot_height_config.md - sets the height of the component
- api/link/ui.pivot_hidden_config.md - defines whether the view will be hidden initially
- api/link/ui.pivot_id_config.md - the component ID
- api/link/ui.pivot_margin_config.md - defines the space around elements (applies the specified value to all elements)
- api/link/ui.pivot_maxheight_config.md - sets the maximum height for the view
- api/link/ui.pivot_maxwidth_config.md - sets the maximum width for the view
- api/link/ui.pivot_minheight_config.md - sets the minimal height for the view
- api/link/ui.pivot_minwidth_config.md - sets the minimal width for the view
- api/link/ui.pivot_on_config.md - allows attaching custom handlers to inner events of the component
- api/link/ui.pivot_padding_config.md - defines the space between the element borders and content (applies the specified value to all sides).
- api/link/ui.pivot_paddingx_config.md - sets the right and left padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/link/ui.pivot_paddingy_config.md - sets the top and bottom padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/ui.pivot_profile_config.md - enables profiling (for development stage)
- api/link/ui.pivot_ready_config.md - event handler called just after the component has been completely initialized
- api/link/ui.pivot_removemissed_config.md - defines how to treat items in case of reloading
- api/link/ui.pivot_responsive_config.md - enables responsive mode for horizontal layout
- api/link/ui.pivot_rows_config.md - array of views objects arranged vertically
- api/link/ui.pivot_scheme_config.md - defines schemes for data processing
- api/link/ui.pivot_type_config.md - defines the layout borders
- api/link/ui.pivot_url_config.md - the URL which the component will use to load data after its initialization
- api/link/ui.pivot_visiblebatch_config.md - sets the batch that will be shown initially
- api/link/ui.pivot_width_config.md - sets the width of the component
- api/ui.pivot_yscalewidth_config.md - sets the width of the first column
}}

@index:
- api/link/ui.pivot_animate_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_borderless_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_cols_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_columnwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_container_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_css_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_data_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_datatype_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_disabled_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_fieldmap_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_filterlabelalign_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_filterlabelwidth_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_filterminwidth_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_filterwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_gravity_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_height_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_hidden_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_id_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_margin_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_maxheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_maxwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_minheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_minwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_on_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_padding_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_paddingx_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_paddingy_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_profile_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_ready_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_removemissed_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_responsive_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_rows_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_scheme_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_type_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_url_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_visiblebatch_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_width_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_yscalewidth_config.md

Commit message:

[add] missing Pivot and webix.env properties added

data/api/refs/ui.pivot_props.md, after:

Properties
==========

{{api
- api/link/ui.pivot_animate_config.md - defines or disables view change animation.
- api/link/ui.pivot_borderless_config.md - used to hide the component borders
- api/link/ui.pivot_cols_config.md - array of views objects arranged horizontally
- api/ui.pivot_columnwidth_config.md - defines the default width for columns (in pixels)
- api/link/ui.pivot_container_config.md - an html container (or its id) where the component needs initializing
- api/link/ui.pivot_css_config.md - the name of a css class that will be applied to the view container
- api/link/ui.pivot_data_config.md - JavaScript array containing data for the component
- api/link/ui.pivot_datatype_config.md - the type of loaded data
- api/link/ui.pivot_disabled_config.md - indicates whether an item is enabled or not
- api/ui.pivot_fieldmap_config.md - defines custom labels for fields
- api/ui.pivot_filterlabelalign_config.md - sets the horizontal alignment of the filters' labels in Pivot Chart
- api/ui.pivot_filterlabelwidth_config.md - sets the width of the filters' labels
- api/ui.pivot_filterminwidth_config.md - sets the minimal width of filters (both input and label) in the pivot header
- api/ui.pivot_filterwidth_config.md - sets the width of filters (both input and label) in the pivot header
- api/ui.pivot_footer_config.md - calculates the total sum per column
- api/link/ui.pivot_gravity_config.md - sets the view gravity (1 by default)
- api/link/ui.pivot_height_config.md - sets the height of the component
- api/link/ui.pivot_hidden_config.md - defines whether the view will be hidden initially
- api/link/ui.pivot_id_config.md - the component ID
- api/link/ui.pivot_margin_config.md - defines the space around elements (applies the specified value to all elements)
- api/ui.pivot_max_config.md - enables/disables GREEN highlighting of a cell(s) with the biggest value in a row
- api/link/ui.pivot_maxheight_config.md - sets the maximum height for the view
- api/link/ui.pivot_maxwidth_config.md - sets the maximum width for the view
- api/ui.pivot_min_config.md - enables/disables RED highlighting of a cell(s) with the least value in a row
- api/link/ui.pivot_minheight_config.md - sets the minimal height for the view
- api/link/ui.pivot_minwidth_config.md - sets the minimal width for the view
- api/link/ui.pivot_on_config.md - allows attaching custom handlers to inner events of the component
- api/link/ui.pivot_padding_config.md - defines the space between the element borders and content (applies the specified value to all sides).
- api/link/ui.pivot_paddingx_config.md - sets the right and left padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/link/ui.pivot_paddingy_config.md - sets the top and bottom padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/ui.pivot_popup_config.md - an object with the properties of the configuration popup
- api/ui.pivot_profile_config.md - enables profiling (for development stage)
- api/ui.pivot_readonly_config.md - disables changing of the pivot configuration settings
- api/ui.pivot_readonlytitle_config.md - sets some text in the right top corner instead of the link that opens the popup for configuring pivot
- api/link/ui.pivot_ready_config.md - event handler called just after the component has been completely initialized
- api/link/ui.pivot_removemissed_config.md - defines how to treat items in case of reloading
- api/link/ui.pivot_responsive_config.md - enables responsive mode for horizontal layout
- api/link/ui.pivot_rows_config.md - array of views objects arranged vertically
- api/link/ui.pivot_scheme_config.md - defines schemes for data processing
- api/ui.pivot_structure_config.md - defines initial display and analysis pattern
- api/ui.pivot_totalcolumn_config.md - calculates the total sum for each row
- api/link/ui.pivot_type_config.md - defines the layout borders
- api/link/ui.pivot_url_config.md - the URL which the component will use to load data after its initialization
- api/link/ui.pivot_visiblebatch_config.md - sets the batch that will be shown initially
- api/link/ui.pivot_width_config.md - sets the width of the component
- api/ui.pivot_yscalewidth_config.md - sets the width of the first column
}}

@index:
- api/link/ui.pivot_animate_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_borderless_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_cols_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_columnwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_container_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_css_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_data_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_datatype_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_disabled_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_fieldmap_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_filterlabelalign_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_filterlabelwidth_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_filterminwidth_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_filterwidth_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_footer_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_gravity_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_height_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_hidden_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_id_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_margin_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_max_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_maxheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_maxwidth_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_min_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_minheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_minwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_on_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_padding_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_paddingx_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_paddingy_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_popup_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_profile_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_readonly_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_readonlytitle_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_ready_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_removemissed_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_responsive_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_rows_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_scheme_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_structure_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_totalcolumn_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_type_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_url_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_visiblebatch_config.md
- api/link/ui.pivot_width_config.md
- api/ui.pivot_yscalewidth_config.md
