data/api/refs/ui.richtext_methods.md, before:

Methods
=======

{{api
- api/link/ui.richtext_addview.md - add new view to layout-like component
- api/link/ui.richtext_adjust.md - adjusts the component to the size of the parent HTML container
- api/link/ui.richtext_attachevent.md - attaches the handler to an inner event of the component (allows behaviour customizations)
- api/link/ui.richtext_bind.md - binds components
- api/link/ui.richtext_blockevent.md - temporarily blocks triggering of ALL events of the calling object
- api/link/ui.richtext_callevent.md - calls an inner event
- api/link/ui.richtext_define.md - redefines a single configuration property (or a hash of properties)
- api/link/ui.richtext_destructor.md - destructs the calling object
- api/link/ui.richtext_detachevent.md - detaches a handler from an event (which was attached before by the attachEvent method)
- api/link/ui.richtext_disable.md - disables the calling view (makes it dimmed and unclickable)
- api/link/ui.richtext_enable.md - enables the calling view that was disabled by the 'disable' method
- api/ui.richtext_focus.md - 
- api/link/ui.richtext_getchildviews.md - returns child views of the calling component
- api/link/ui.richtext_getformview.md - returns master form for the input
- api/ui.richtext_getinputnode.md - 
- api/link/ui.richtext_getnode.md - returns the main HTML container for the calling object
- api/link/ui.richtext_getparentview.md - returns the parent view of the component
- api/link/ui.richtext_gettopparentview.md - returns top parent view
- api/ui.richtext_getvalue.md - 
- api/link/ui.richtext_hasevent.md - checks whether the component has the specified event
- api/link/ui.richtext_hide.md - hides the view
- api/link/ui.richtext_index.md - returns the cell index in the layout collection
- api/link/ui.richtext_innerid.md - returns the inner ID of an item by its public (real) ID
- api/link/ui.richtext_isenabled.md - checks whether the view is enabled
- api/link/ui.richtext_isvisible.md - checks whether the view is visible
- api/link/ui.richtext_mapevent.md - routes events from one object to another
- api/link/ui.richtext_reconstruct.md - rebuilds the layout
- api/ui.richtext_refresh.md - 
- api/link/ui.richtext_removeview.md - removes view from layout-like component
- api/link/ui.richtext_resize.md - adjusts the view to a new size
- api/link/ui.richtext_resizechildren.md - resizes all children of the calling component
- api/ui.richtext_setvalue.md - 
- api/link/ui.richtext_show.md - makes the component visible
- api/link/ui.richtext_showbatch.md - makes visible those elements which parameter 'batch' is set to the specified name
- api/link/ui.richtext_ui.md - allows creating new ui, the id of which will be locked in the parent id space
- api/link/ui.richtext_unbind.md - breaks "bind" link
- api/link/ui.richtext_unblockevent.md - cancels blocking events that was enabled by the 'blockEvent' command
}}

@index:
- api/link/ui.richtext_addview.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_adjust.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_attachevent.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_bind.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_blockevent.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_callevent.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_define.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_destructor.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_detachevent.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_disable.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_enable.md
- api/ui.richtext_focus.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_getchildviews.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_getformview.md
- api/ui.richtext_getinputnode.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_getnode.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_getparentview.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_gettopparentview.md
- api/ui.richtext_getvalue.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_hasevent.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_hide.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_index.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_innerid.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_isenabled.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_isvisible.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_mapevent.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_reconstruct.md
- api/ui.richtext_refresh.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_removeview.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_resize.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_resizechildren.md
- api/ui.richtext_setvalue.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_show.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_showbatch.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_ui.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_unbind.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_unblockevent.md

Commit message:

[add] gage and richtext editor docs and api added

data/api/refs/ui.richtext_methods.md, after:

Methods
=======

{{api
- api/link/ui.richtext_addview.md - add new view to layout-like component
- api/link/ui.richtext_adjust.md - adjusts the component to the size of the parent HTML container
- api/link/ui.richtext_attachevent.md - attaches the handler to an inner event of the component (allows behaviour customizations)
- api/link/ui.richtext_bind.md - binds components
- api/link/ui.richtext_blockevent.md - temporarily blocks triggering of ALL events of the calling object
- api/link/ui.richtext_callevent.md - calls an inner event
- api/link/ui.richtext_define.md - redefines a single configuration property (or a hash of properties)
- api/link/ui.richtext_destructor.md - destructs the calling object
- api/link/ui.richtext_detachevent.md - detaches a handler from an event (which was attached before by the attachEvent method)
- api/link/ui.richtext_disable.md - disables the calling view (makes it dimmed and unclickable)
- api/link/ui.richtext_enable.md - enables the calling view that was disabled by the 'disable' method
- api/ui.richtext_focus.md - sets focus to the richtext
- api/link/ui.richtext_getchildviews.md - returns child views of the calling component
- api/link/ui.richtext_getformview.md - returns master form for the input
- api/ui.richtext_getinputnode.md - gets the HTML element related to the component
- api/link/ui.richtext_getnode.md - returns the main HTML container for the calling object
- api/link/ui.richtext_getparentview.md - returns the parent view of the component
- api/link/ui.richtext_gettopparentview.md - returns top parent view
- api/ui.richtext_getvalue.md - returns the current value of the richtext editor
- api/link/ui.richtext_hasevent.md - checks whether the component has the specified event
- api/link/ui.richtext_hide.md - hides the view
- api/link/ui.richtext_index.md - returns the cell index in the layout collection
- api/link/ui.richtext_innerid.md - returns the inner ID of an item by its public (real) ID
- api/link/ui.richtext_isenabled.md - checks whether the view is enabled
- api/link/ui.richtext_isvisible.md - checks whether the view is visible
- api/link/ui.richtext_mapevent.md - routes events from one object to another
- api/link/ui.richtext_reconstruct.md - rebuilds the layout
- api/ui.richtext_refresh.md - repaints richtext editor
- api/link/ui.richtext_removeview.md - removes view from layout-like component
- api/link/ui.richtext_resize.md - adjusts the view to a new size
- api/link/ui.richtext_resizechildren.md - resizes all children of the calling component
- api/ui.richtext_setvalue.md - sets a new value for the richeditor control
- api/link/ui.richtext_show.md - makes the component visible
- api/link/ui.richtext_showbatch.md - makes visible those elements which parameter 'batch' is set to the specified name
- api/link/ui.richtext_ui.md - allows creating new ui, the id of which will be locked in the parent id space
- api/link/ui.richtext_unbind.md - breaks "bind" link
- api/link/ui.richtext_unblockevent.md - cancels blocking events that was enabled by the 'blockEvent' command
}}

@index:
- api/link/ui.richtext_addview.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_adjust.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_attachevent.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_bind.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_blockevent.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_callevent.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_define.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_destructor.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_detachevent.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_disable.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_enable.md
- api/ui.richtext_focus.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_getchildviews.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_getformview.md
- api/ui.richtext_getinputnode.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_getnode.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_getparentview.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_gettopparentview.md
- api/ui.richtext_getvalue.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_hasevent.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_hide.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_index.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_innerid.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_isenabled.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_isvisible.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_mapevent.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_reconstruct.md
- api/ui.richtext_refresh.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_removeview.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_resize.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_resizechildren.md
- api/ui.richtext_setvalue.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_show.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_showbatch.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_ui.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_unbind.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_unblockevent.md
