data/api/refs/ui.richtext_props.md, before:

Properties
==========

{{api
- api/link/ui.richtext_animate_config.md - defines or disables view change animation.
- api/link/ui.richtext_borderless_config.md - used to hide the component borders
- api/link/ui.richtext_cols_config.md - array of views objects arranged horizontally
- api/link/ui.richtext_container_config.md - an HTML container (or its id) where the component should be initialized
- api/link/ui.richtext_css_config.md - the name of a css class that will be applied to the view container
- api/link/ui.richtext_disabled_config.md - indicates whether an item is enabled or not
- api/link/ui.richtext_gravity_config.md - sets the view gravity (1 by default)
- api/link/ui.richtext_height_config.md - sets the height of the component
- api/link/ui.richtext_hidden_config.md - defines whether the view will be hidden initially
- api/link/ui.richtext_id_config.md - the component ID
- api/link/ui.richtext_isolate_config.md - masks IDs of all inner elements
- api/ui.richtext_label_config.md - 
- api/ui.richtext_labelposition_config.md - 
- api/ui.richtext_labelwidth_config.md - 
- api/link/ui.richtext_margin_config.md - defines the space around elements (applies the specified value to all elements)
- api/link/ui.richtext_maxheight_config.md - sets the maximum height for the view
- api/link/ui.richtext_maxwidth_config.md - sets the maximum width for the view
- api/link/ui.richtext_minheight_config.md - sets the minimal height for the view
- api/link/ui.richtext_minwidth_config.md - sets the minimal width for the view
- api/link/ui.richtext_on_config.md - allows attaching custom handlers to inner events of the component
- api/link/ui.richtext_padding_config.md - defines the space between the element borders and content (applies the specified value to all sides).
- api/link/ui.richtext_paddingx_config.md - sets the right and left padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/link/ui.richtext_paddingy_config.md - sets the top and bottom padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/link/ui.richtext_responsive_config.md - enables responsive mode for horizontal layout
- api/link/ui.richtext_rows_config.md - array of views objects arranged vertically
- api/link/ui.richtext_type_config.md - defines the layout borders
- api/link/ui.richtext_visiblebatch_config.md - sets the batch that will be shown initially
- api/link/ui.richtext_width_config.md - sets the width of the component
}}

@index:
- api/link/ui.richtext_animate_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_borderless_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_cols_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_container_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_css_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_disabled_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_gravity_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_height_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_hidden_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_id_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_isolate_config.md
- api/ui.richtext_label_config.md
- api/ui.richtext_labelposition_config.md
- api/ui.richtext_labelwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_margin_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_maxheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_maxwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_minheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_minwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_on_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_padding_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_paddingx_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_paddingy_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_responsive_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_rows_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_type_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_visiblebatch_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_width_config.md

Commit message:

[add] gage and richtext editor docs and api added

data/api/refs/ui.richtext_props.md, after:

Properties
==========

{{api
- api/link/ui.richtext_animate_config.md - defines or disables view change animation.
- api/link/ui.richtext_borderless_config.md - used to hide the component borders
- api/link/ui.richtext_cols_config.md - array of views objects arranged horizontally
- api/link/ui.richtext_container_config.md - an HTML container (or its id) where the component should be initialized
- api/link/ui.richtext_css_config.md - the name of a css class that will be applied to the view container
- api/link/ui.richtext_disabled_config.md - indicates whether an item is enabled or not
- api/link/ui.richtext_gravity_config.md - sets the view gravity (1 by default)
- api/link/ui.richtext_height_config.md - sets the height of the component
- api/link/ui.richtext_hidden_config.md - defines whether the view will be hidden initially
- api/link/ui.richtext_id_config.md - the component ID
- api/link/ui.richtext_isolate_config.md - masks IDs of all inner elements
- api/ui.richtext_label_config.md - the text label of the rich text editor
- api/ui.richtext_labelposition_config.md - positions label in relation to the control
- api/ui.richtext_labelwidth_config.md - the width of the label
- api/link/ui.richtext_margin_config.md - defines the space around elements (applies the specified value to all elements)
- api/link/ui.richtext_maxheight_config.md - sets the maximum height for the view
- api/link/ui.richtext_maxwidth_config.md - sets the maximum width for the view
- api/link/ui.richtext_minheight_config.md - sets the minimal height for the view
- api/link/ui.richtext_minwidth_config.md - sets the minimal width for the view
- api/link/ui.richtext_on_config.md - allows attaching custom handlers to inner events of the component
- api/link/ui.richtext_padding_config.md - defines the space between the element borders and content (applies the specified value to all sides).
- api/link/ui.richtext_paddingx_config.md - sets the right and left padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/link/ui.richtext_paddingy_config.md - sets the top and bottom padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/link/ui.richtext_responsive_config.md - enables responsive mode for horizontal layout
- api/link/ui.richtext_rows_config.md - array of views objects arranged vertically
- api/link/ui.richtext_type_config.md - defines the layout borders
- api/ui.richtext_value_config.md - 
- api/link/ui.richtext_visiblebatch_config.md - sets the batch that will be shown initially
- api/link/ui.richtext_width_config.md - sets the width of the component
}}

@index:
- api/link/ui.richtext_animate_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_borderless_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_cols_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_container_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_css_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_disabled_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_gravity_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_height_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_hidden_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_id_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_isolate_config.md
- api/ui.richtext_label_config.md
- api/ui.richtext_labelposition_config.md
- api/ui.richtext_labelwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_margin_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_maxheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_maxwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_minheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_minwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_on_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_padding_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_paddingx_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_paddingy_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_responsive_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_rows_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_type_config.md
- api/ui.richtext_value_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_visiblebatch_config.md
- api/link/ui.richtext_width_config.md
