data/api/refs/ui.spreadsheet_props.md, before:

Properties
==========

{{api
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_animate_config.md - defines or disables view change animation.
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_borderless_config.md - used to hide the component borders
- api/ui.spreadsheet_buttons_config.md - 
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_cols_config.md - array of views objects arranged horizontally
- api/ui.spreadsheet_columncount_config.md - the number of columns in the SpreadSheet
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_container_config.md - an html container (or its id) where the component needs initializing
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_css_config.md - the name of a css class that will be applied to the view container
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_disabled_config.md - indicates whether an item is enabled or not
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_gravity_config.md - sets the view gravity (1 by default)
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_height_config.md - sets the height of the component
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_hidden_config.md - defines whether the view will be hidden initially
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_id_config.md - the component ID
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_isolate_config.md - masks IDs of all inner element
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_margin_config.md - defines the space around elements (applies the specified value to all elements)
- api/ui.spreadsheet_math_config.md - enables the math functionality in the spreadsheet
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_maxheight_config.md - sets the maximum height for the view
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_maxwidth_config.md - sets the maximum width for the view
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_minheight_config.md - sets the minimal height for the view
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_minwidth_config.md - sets the minimal width for the view
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_on_config.md - allows attaching custom handlers to inner events of the component
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_padding_config.md - defines the space between the element borders and content (applies the specified value to all sides).
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_paddingx_config.md - sets the right and left padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_paddingy_config.md - sets the top and bottom padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/ui.spreadsheet_readonly_config.md - 
- api/ui.spreadsheet_resizecell_config.md - defines whether cells of spreadsheet will be resized
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_responsive_config.md - enables responsive mode for horizontal layout
- api/ui.spreadsheet_rowcount_config.md - the number of rows in the SpreadSheet
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_rows_config.md - array of views objects arranged vertically
- api/ui.spreadsheet_subbar_config.md - 
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_type_config.md - defines the layout borders
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_visiblebatch_config.md - sets the batch that will be shown initially
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_width_config.md - sets the width of the component
}}

@index:
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_animate_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_borderless_config.md
- api/ui.spreadsheet_buttons_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_cols_config.md
- api/ui.spreadsheet_columncount_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_container_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_css_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_disabled_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_gravity_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_height_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_hidden_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_id_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_isolate_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_margin_config.md
- api/ui.spreadsheet_math_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_maxheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_maxwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_minheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_minwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_on_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_padding_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_paddingx_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_paddingy_config.md
- api/ui.spreadsheet_readonly_config.md
- api/ui.spreadsheet_resizecell_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_responsive_config.md
- api/ui.spreadsheet_rowcount_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_rows_config.md
- api/ui.spreadsheet_subbar_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_type_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_visiblebatch_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_width_config.md

Commit message:

[update] spreadsheet api synced with code

data/api/refs/ui.spreadsheet_props.md, after:

Properties
==========

{{api
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_animate_config.md - defines or disables view change animation.
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_borderless_config.md - used to hide the component borders
- api/ui.spreadsheet_buttons_config.md - contains the names of buttons blocks with arrays of buttons' names
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_cols_config.md - array of views objects arranged horizontally
- api/ui.spreadsheet_columncount_config.md - the number of columns in the SpreadSheet
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_container_config.md - an html container (or its id) where the component needs initializing
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_css_config.md - the name of a css class that will be applied to the view container
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_data_config.md - JavaScript array containing data for the component
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_datatype_config.md - the type of loaded data
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_disabled_config.md - indicates whether an item is enabled or not
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_gravity_config.md - sets the view gravity (1 by default)
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_height_config.md - sets the height of the component
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_hidden_config.md - defines whether the view will be hidden initially
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_id_config.md - the component ID
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_isolate_config.md - masks IDs of all inner element
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_margin_config.md - defines the space around elements (applies the specified value to all elements)
- api/ui.spreadsheet_math_config.md - enables the math functionality in the spreadsheet
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_maxheight_config.md - sets the maximum height for the view
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_maxwidth_config.md - sets the maximum width for the view
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_minheight_config.md - sets the minimal height for the view
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_minwidth_config.md - sets the minimal width for the view
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_on_config.md - allows attaching custom handlers to inner events of the component
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_padding_config.md - defines the space between the element borders and content (applies the specified value to all sides).
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_paddingx_config.md - sets the right and left padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_paddingy_config.md - sets the top and bottom padding (applies the specified value to both sides)
- api/ui.spreadsheet_readonly_config.md - sets readonly mode for SpreadSheet
- api/ui.spreadsheet_resizecell_config.md - defines whether cells of spreadsheet will be resized
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_responsive_config.md - enables responsive mode for horizontal layout
- api/ui.spreadsheet_rowcount_config.md - the number of rows in the SpreadSheet
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_rows_config.md - array of views objects arranged vertically
- api/ui.spreadsheet_subbar_config.md - adds a view between the toolbar and the datatable
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_type_config.md - defines the layout borders
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_url_config.md - the URL which the component will use to load data after its initialization
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_visiblebatch_config.md - sets the batch that will be shown initially
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_width_config.md - sets the width of the component
}}

@index:
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_animate_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_borderless_config.md
- api/ui.spreadsheet_buttons_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_cols_config.md
- api/ui.spreadsheet_columncount_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_container_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_css_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_data_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_datatype_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_disabled_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_gravity_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_height_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_hidden_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_id_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_isolate_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_margin_config.md
- api/ui.spreadsheet_math_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_maxheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_maxwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_minheight_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_minwidth_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_on_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_padding_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_paddingx_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_paddingy_config.md
- api/ui.spreadsheet_readonly_config.md
- api/ui.spreadsheet_resizecell_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_responsive_config.md
- api/ui.spreadsheet_rowcount_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_rows_config.md
- api/ui.spreadsheet_subbar_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_type_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_url_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_visiblebatch_config.md
- api/link/ui.spreadsheet_width_config.md
