data/desktop/backbone.md, before:

Backbone Integration 
============

**Backbone.js** is a lightweight JavaScript framework that allows for adding structure to client-side code in the MVC pattern. Backbone works in conjunction with its hard-weight dependency, **Underscore.js**, 
the utility library that provides a lot of the functional programming support and contains a number of functions as well as specialized helpers for function binding, JavaScript templating, and so on. 

Backbone is based on the **MVC principle** that stands for Model, View and Controller classes.

### Bonuses of Backbone usage: 

- The approach used in the framework helps get rid of unstructured 'Spaghetti' code in your applications;
- All the changes are performed on Models. The corresponding views respond to these changes are re-render themselves according to the new info, which eliminates the need of either looking through the DOM structure to
find the necessary ID or update HTML manually;
- Tasks are clearly divided between application parts;
- RESTful API (Representational state transfer). 

To get the profound knowledge of the framework, go to the <a href="http://www.backbonejs.org">Backbone.js homepage. </a>

## How it can be used

Webix and Backbone can be cross-integrated on multiple levels:

- Webix components can load data from backbone collection, check desktop/backbone_collections.md for more details;
- Webix components can be wrapped in a Backbone View, check desktop/backbone_views.md for more details;
- visibility of Webix Components can be controlled by Backbone router, check desktop/backbone_routers.md for more details.

## Example of usage

To integrate Backbone framework into your webpage your should include links to it into the document head. Be attentive to specify the right relative paths to the places where the files
are stored on your machine. The important point - library need to be included BEFORE webix.js: 

~~~html
<script type="text/javascript" 
	src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.7.1.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="./common/underscore.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="./common/backbone.js"></script>

<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../codebase/webix.css" type="text/css" 
	media="screen" charset="utf-8">
<script src="../../codebase/webix.js" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8"></script>
~~~


### Creating Views

In an integrated app, pure Backbone views and Backbone-Webix views co-exist. 

Backbone views are created under Backbone standard pattern:

~~~js
cView = Backbone.View.extend({
	tagName: "h2",
	render: function(){
		$(this.el).html("Child View");
	},
});
var v2 = new cView();
v2.render();
~~~

Backbone-Webix integrated views resemble this pattern yet feature a **config** property where Webix configuration is stored. To instantiate such a view, a special **WebixView()** constructor is used:

~~~js
var ui_config ={
	type:"wide", rows:[
		{ template:"top", height:35 },
		{ type:"wide", cols:[ ..cols ..]},
		{ template:"bottom", height:35 }
	]
};

var view  = new WebixView({
	el: ".app1_here", // will be rendered to div with "app1_here" class
	config:ui_config
}).render();
~~~

**Related sample:** [View](https://webix-hub.github.io/webix-backbone/samples/01_view.html)

In the code above Webix [layout](desktop/layout.md) with 3 rows and columns in the second row is created. It is rendered to a div block with *"app1_here"* class. As a rule, views should be **manually rendered** 
with a dedicated function. 

For more into about Webix-Backbone integrated views, read the desktop/backbone_views.md article.  

### Creating Models and Collections

~~~js
FilmRecord = Backbone.Model.extend({});
FilmList = Backbone.Collection.extend({
	model: FilmRecord,
	url:"./common/data.json" //adding data to collection
});
~~~

### Loading the Collection into a View

First, lets create a Webix data component, for instance view [list](desktop/list.md):

{{snippet
View: Webix List
}}
~~~js
$(".app1_here").webix_list({
	id:"mylist", width:200,
	template:"#title#", select:true
});
~~~

Now, when we have a view and a model we can render the model into the list view with the [syncing](api/link/dataloader_sync.md) method:

~~~js
//get data
var films = new FilmList();
films.fetch();

//sync collection data with list 
$$("mylist").sync(films);
~~~

**Related sample:** [Loading data from Collection](https://webix-hub.github.io/webix-backbone/samples/03_load_collection.html)

The code above renders [list](desktop/list.md) view and fills it with data from FilmList Collection that is comprised of FirmRecord Models.

The sync between data collection and the component can be as well removed by the opposite method: 

~~~js
$$("mylist").unsync(films);
~~~

###Conclusion

It should be said that the above scenario is not the only way to use Webix and Backbone together. Check the below docs for more details. 

## Working with Backbone.js

- [Loading from Backbone Collections](desktop/backbone_collections.md)
- [Using Webix in Backbone Views](desktop/backbone_views.md)
- [Working with Backbone Routers](desktop/backbone_routers.md)


@index: 
  - desktop/backbone_collections.md
  - desktop/backbone_views.md
  - desktop/backbone_routers.md

@complexity:3

Commit message:

[add] missed articles on integration with frameworks are added, existing articles are updated

data/desktop/backbone.md, after:

Backbone Integration 
============

**Backbone.js** is a lightweight JavaScript framework that allows of adding structure to the client-side code in the MVC pattern. 
Backbone works in conjunction with its hard-weight dependency, **Underscore.js**, the utility library that provides a lot of the functional programming support and contains
a number of functions as well as specialized helpers for function binding, JavaScript templating, and so on. 

Backbone is based on the **MVC principle** that stands for Model, View and Controller classes.

{{note The sources for integration of Webix with Backbone are not included into the Webix library package. 
You can take them from [the GitHub repository](https://github.com/webix-hub/webix-backbone)}}

### Bonuses of Backbone usage: 

- The approach used in the framework helps get rid of unstructured 'Spaghetti' code in your applications;
- All the changes are performed on Models. The corresponding views respond to these changes are re-render themselves according to the new info, which eliminates the need of either looking through the DOM structure to
find the necessary ID or update HTML manually;
- Tasks are clearly divided between application parts;
- RESTful API (Representational state transfer). 

To get the profound knowledge of the framework, go to the <a href="http://www.backbonejs.org">Backbone.js homepage. </a>

## How it can be used

Webix and Backbone can be cross-integrated on multiple levels:

- Webix components can load data from backbone collection, check desktop/backbone_collections.md for more details;
- Webix components can be wrapped in a Backbone View, check desktop/backbone_views.md for more details;
- visibility of Webix Components can be controlled by Backbone router, check desktop/backbone_routers.md for more details.

## Example of usage

To integrate Backbone framework into your webpage your should include links to it into the document head. Be attentive to specify the right relative paths to the places where the files
are stored on your machine. The important point - library need to be included BEFORE webix.js: 

~~~html
<script type="text/javascript" 
	src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.7.1.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="./common/underscore.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="./common/backbone.js"></script>

<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../codebase/webix.css" type="text/css" 
	media="screen" charset="utf-8">
<script src="../../codebase/webix.js" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8"></script>
~~~


### Creating Views

In an integrated app, pure Backbone views and Backbone-Webix views co-exist. 

Backbone views are created under Backbone standard pattern:

~~~js
cView = Backbone.View.extend({
	tagName: "h2",
	render: function(){
		$(this.el).html("Child View");
	},
});
var v2 = new cView();
v2.render();
~~~

Backbone-Webix integrated views resemble this pattern yet feature a **config** property where Webix configuration is stored. To instantiate such a view, a special **WebixView()** constructor is used:

~~~js
var ui_config ={
	type:"wide", rows:[
		{ template:"top", height:35 },
		{ type:"wide", cols:[ ..cols ..]},
		{ template:"bottom", height:35 }
	]
};

var view  = new WebixView({
	el: ".app1_here", // will be rendered to div with "app1_here" class
	config:ui_config
}).render();
~~~

**Related sample:** [View](https://webix-hub.github.io/webix-backbone/samples/01_view.html)

In the code above Webix [layout](desktop/layout.md) with 3 rows and columns in the second row is created. It is rendered to a div block with *"app1_here"* class. As a rule, views should be **manually rendered** 
with a dedicated function. 

For more into about Webix-Backbone integrated views, read the desktop/backbone_views.md article.  

### Creating Models and Collections

~~~js
FilmRecord = Backbone.Model.extend({});
FilmList = Backbone.Collection.extend({
	model: FilmRecord,
	url:"./common/data.json" //adding data to collection
});
~~~

### Loading the Collection into a View

First, lets create a Webix data component, for instance view [list](desktop/list.md):

{{snippet
View: Webix List
}}
~~~js
$(".app1_here").webix_list({
	id:"mylist", width:200,
	template:"#title#", select:true
});
~~~

Now, when we have a view and a model we can render the model into the list view with the [syncing](api/link/dataloader_sync.md) method:

~~~js
//get data
var films = new FilmList();
films.fetch();

//sync collection data with list 
$$("mylist").sync(films);
~~~

**Related sample:** [Loading data from Collection](https://webix-hub.github.io/webix-backbone/samples/03_load_collection.html)

The code above renders [list](desktop/list.md) view and fills it with data from FilmList Collection that is comprised of FirmRecord Models.

The sync between data collection and the component can be as well removed by the opposite method: 

~~~js
$$("mylist").unsync(films);
~~~

###Conclusion

It should be said that the above scenario is not the only way to use Webix and Backbone together. Check the below docs for more details. 

## Working with Backbone.js

- [Loading from Backbone Collections](desktop/backbone_collections.md)
- [Using Webix in Backbone Views](desktop/backbone_views.md)
- [Working with Backbone Routers](desktop/backbone_routers.md)


@index: 
  - desktop/backbone_collections.md
  - desktop/backbone_views.md
  - desktop/backbone_routers.md

@complexity:3
