data/desktop/components.md, before:

UI Widgets
==================
The <a title="ui library" href="http://webix.com">Webix UI library</a> supplies over 80 fully customizable widgets and controls
to help you build interfaces of different kinds, nicely present data and work with it. 
There are also helpful extensions, integrations with <br> third-party tools and specific features to make your applications 
good-looking and user-friendly.

All the widgets are objects made with the webix.ui() constructor where the type of the widget
is set by the 'view' property (the declarative syntax is available as well).


<h2 style="clear:both;"/>Complex Widgets</h2>

A set of ready-made JavaScript widgets is provided to solve tasks in different fields. 
Whether you need to create an interactive data report, optimize a workflow, add and manage events,
handle hierarchical data or make calculations in a powerful spreadsheet, 
you will surely find a proper widget for your needs in the Webix library.

<div class="components_main" style="padding-left:50px;">
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/pivot.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/pivot.png"/>
			<br>Pivot
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/mobile_scheduler.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/scheduler.png"/>
			<br>Mobile Scheduler
		</a>
	</div>
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/kanban_board.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/kanban.png"/>
			<br>Kanban Board
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/file_manager.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/filemanager.png"/>
			<br>File Manager
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/spreadsheet.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/spreadsheet.png"/>
			<br>SpreadSheet
		</a>
    </div>
</div>


<h2 id="data_widgets" style="clear:both;"/>Data Widgets</h2>

Data widgets are used to present data of a specified type on the page. 
Such widgets manage the space allocated for their data and provide functionality for its access and configuration. 

<div class="components_group" style="padding-left:50px;">
    <div>
		<a href="datatable/index.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/datatable.png"/>
			<br>DataTable
		</a>
	</div>
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/dataview.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/dataview.png"/>
			<br>DataView
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/grouplist.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/grouplist.png"/>
			<br>GroupList
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/list.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/list.png"/>
			<br>List
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/property_sheet.md" style="clear:left;">
			<img src="desktop/icons/propertysheet.png"/>
			<br>Property Sheet
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="datatree/index.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/datatree.png"/>
			<br>Tree
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/treetable.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/treegrid.png"/>
			<br>TreeTable
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/unitlist.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/unitlist.png"/>
			<br>UnitList
		</a>
    </div>
</div>

<h2 id="data_widgets" style="clear:both;"/>Visualization Widgets</h2>

Visualization widgets provide the possibility to display data in various forms. You can use them in your application to present data in a nice and clear way.

<div class="components_group" style="padding-left:50px;">
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/chart.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/chart.png"/>
			<br>Chart
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/gage.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/gage.png"/>
			<br>Gage
		</a>
    </div>
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/range_chart.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/rangechart.png"/>
			<br>RangeChart
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/organogram.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/organogram.png"/>
			<br>Organogram
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/treemap.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/treemap.png"/>
			<br>TreeMap
		</a>
    </div>
</div>

<h2 style="clear:both;"/>Layouts</h2>

Layouts help you to organize your web page, define its overall look-and-feel. You can arrange the content in columns and rows, divide it into groups and control through navigation or animation.
 
<div class="components_group" style="padding-left:50px;">
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/accordion.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/accordion.png"/>
			<br>Accordion
		</a>
    </div>
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/carousel.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/carousel.png"/>
			<br>Carousel
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/form.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/form.png"/>
			<br>Form
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/layout.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/layout.png"/>
			<br>Layout
		</a>
    </div>
     <div>
		<a href="desktop/multiview.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/multiview.png"/>
			<br>MultiView
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/portlet.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/portlet.png"/>
			<br>Portlet
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/scrollview.md" style="clear:left;">
			<img src="desktop/icons/scrollview.png"/>
			<br>ScrollView
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/tabview.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/tabview.png"/>
			<br>TabView
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/toolbar.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/toolbar.png"/>
			<br>Toolbar
		</a>
    </div>
</div>


<h2 style="clear:both;"/>Context Widgets</h2>

Context widgets let displaying spatial and temporal information on some user's action, such as click on a button or filling in a field. 

<div class="components_group" style="padding-left:10px;">
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/context.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/context.png"/>
			<br>Context
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/contextmenu.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/contextmenu.png"/>
			<br>ContextMenu
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/menu.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/menu.png"/>
			<br>Menu
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/popup.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/popup.png"/>
			<br>Popup
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/sidemenu.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/sidemenu.png"/>
			<br>Sidemenu
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/tooltip_component.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/tooltip.png"/>
			<br>Tooltip
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/window.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/window.png"/>
			<br>Window
		</a>
    </div>
</div>




<h2 style="clear:both;">HTML-oriented Widgets</h2>

HTML-oriented widgets supply handy means for using habitual HTML elements in an application. There you can specify HTML templates, inline frames, forms etc.

<div class="components_group" style="padding-left:50px;">
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/htmlform.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/htmlform.png"/>
			<br>HTMLForm
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/iframe.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/iframe.png"/>
			<br>IFrame
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/video.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/video.png"/>
			<br>Video
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/template.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/template.png"/>
			<br>Template
		</a>
    </div>
</div>



<h2 style="clear:both;">Specific Widgets</h2>

The widgets listed in this section will help you to complete the picture of your application,
add special features that can't be achieved with the standard set of widgets presented above. 

<div class="components_group" style="padding-left:50px;">
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/barcode.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/barcode.png"/>
			<br>Barcode
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/calendar.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/calendar.png"/>
			<br>Calendar
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
	<a href="desktop/colorboard.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/colorboard.png"/>
			<br>Colorboard
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
    <a href="desktop/googlemap.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/googlemap.png"/>
			<br>GoogleMap
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/daterange.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/daterange.png"/>
			<br>DateRange
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/excelviewer.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/excelviewer.png"/>
			<br>Excel Viewer
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/pdfviewer.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/pdfviewer.png"/>
			<br>PDF Viewer
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/uploader.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/uploader.png"/>
			<br>Uploader
		</a>
    </div>
</div>

<h2 style="clear:both;">Controls</h2>
Controls are mainly responsible for handling events since they enable user-app interaction by triggering functions attached to them. 
Note that any event can be attached to any widget by referring to its ID.  
<div class="controls_group" >
	<ul>
		<li><a href="desktop/button.md"><img src="api/toc/button.png"/> Button </a></li>
		<li><a href="desktop/checkbox.md"><img src="api/toc/checkbox.png"/> Checkbox</a></li>
		<li><a href="desktop/colorpicker.md"> <img src="api/toc/colorpicker.png"/> ColorPicker</a></li>
		<li><a href="desktop/combo.md"><img src="api/toc/combo.png"/> Combo</a></li>
		<li><a href="desktop/counter.md"><img src="api/toc/counter.png"/> Counter</a></li>             
        <li><a href="desktop/daterangepicker.md"><img src="api/toc/daterangepicker.png"/> DateRangePicker</a></li>   
        <li><a href="desktop/datepicker.md"><img src="api/toc/datepicker.png"/> DatePicker</a></li>
	</ul>
</div>

<div class="controls_group">
	<ul>      
        <li><a href="desktop/datasuggest.md"><img src="api/toc/datasuggest.png"/> DataSuggest</a></li>
    	<li><a href="desktop/icon.md"><img src="api/toc/icon.png"/> Icon</a></li>
    	<li><a href="desktop/fieldset.md"> <img src="api/toc/fieldset.png"/> Fieldset</a></li>
        <li><a href="desktop/gridsuggest.md"><img src="api/toc/gridsuggest.png"/> GridSuggest</a></li>
		<li><a href="desktop/label.md"><img src="api/toc/label.png"/> Label</a></li>
        <li><a href="desktop/multicombo.md"><img src="api/toc/multicombo.png"/> Multicombo</a></li>
        <li><a href="desktop/multiselect.md"> <img src="api/toc/multiselect.png"/> Multiselect</a></li>
	</ul>
</div>

<div class="controls_group">
	<ul>    	
        <li><a href="desktop/multitext.md"> <img src="api/toc/multitext.png"/> Multitext</a></li>
    	<li><a href="desktop/radio.md"> <img src="api/toc/radio.png"/> Radio</a></li>
        <li><a href="desktop/rangeslider.md"> <img src="api/toc/rangeslider.png"/> RangeSlider</a></li>
		<li><a href="desktop/richselect.md"><img src="api/toc/richselect.png"/> RichSelect</a></li>
        <li><a href="desktop/richtext.md"><img src="api/toc/richtext.png"/> RichText</a></li>
    	<li><a href="desktop/search.md"><img src="api/toc/search.png"/> Search</a></li>
    	<li><a href="desktop/select.md"><img src="api/toc/select.png"/> Select</a></li>	        
	</ul>
</div>

<div class="controls_group">
	<ul>    	
    	<li><a href="desktop/segmented.md"><img src="api/toc/segmented.png"/>Segmented</a></li>
        <li><a href="desktop/slider.md"><img src="api/toc/slider.png"/>Slider</a></li>	
        <li><a href="desktop/suggest.md"><img src="api/toc/suggest.png" style="padding-right:4px;"/> Suggest</a></li>
    	<li><a href="desktop/tabbar.md"><img src="api/toc/tabbar.png"/>Tabbar</a></li>
		<li><a href="desktop/text.md"><img src="api/toc/text.png"/>Text</a></li>	
    	<li><a href="desktop/textarea.md"><img src="api/toc/textarea.png"/>Textarea</a></li>
		<li><a href="desktop/toggle.md"><img src="api/toc/toggle.png"/>Toggle</a></li>    	
	</ul>
</div>

<h2 style="clear:both;">UI Extensions</h2>
UI extensions are helpful widgets that are mostly task-oriented and intended to accomplish a certain purpose. 
They are already quite configurable and need only to be initialized on the page to start serving.

<br>
To see a complete list of extension widgets and find out details on their use, please, go to the chapter - desktop/extensions.md.



<style>
div.components_main div{
	padding-top:25px;
    padding-bottom:25px;
    float:left;
    width:120px;
    text-align:center;
}
div.components_group div{
    padding-top:25px;
    padding-bottom:25px;
    float:left;
    width:100px;
    text-align:center;
}
div.controls_group{
    padding-top:25px;
    padding-bottom:25px;
    float:left;
   	margin-left:10px;   
}
div.controls_group ul {
    list-style-type:none;
}
div.controls_group li {
    line-height:2.5em;
}
div.controls_group img {
    vertical-align:middle;
    padding-right:7px;
}
</style>



@index:
- desktop/accordion.md
- desktop/barcode.md
- desktop/calendar.md
- desktop/carousel.md
- desktop/chart.md
- desktop/colorboard.md
- desktop/context.md
- desktop/contextmenu.md
- datatable/index.md
- desktop/dataview.md
- desktop/daterange.md
- desktop/excelviewer.md
- desktop/form.md
- desktop/controls.md
- desktop/gage.md
- desktop/googlemap.md
- desktop/grouplist.md
- desktop/htmlform.md
- desktop/iframe.md
- desktop/layout.md
- desktop/list.md
- desktop/menu.md
- desktop/multiview.md
- desktop/organogram.md
- desktop/pdfviewer.md
- desktop/popup.md
- desktop/portlet.md
- desktop/property_sheet.md
- desktop/range_chart.md
- desktop/scrollview.md
- desktop/sidemenu.md
- desktop/tabview.md
- desktop/template.md
- desktop/toolbar.md
- desktop/tooltip_component.md
- desktop/treemap.md
- datatree/index.md
- desktop/treetable.md
- desktop/unitlist.md
- desktop/uploader.md
- desktop/window.md
- desktop/video.md

Commit message:

[update] getting started and widgets' index pages are updated

data/desktop/components.md, after:

UI Widgets
==================
The <a title="ui library" href="http://webix.com">Webix UI library</a> supplies over 80 fully customizable widgets and controls
to help you build interfaces of different kinds, nicely present data and work with it. 
There are also helpful extensions, integrations with <br> third-party tools and specific features to make your applications 
good-looking and user-friendly.

All the widgets are objects made with the webix.ui() constructor where the type of the widget
is set by the 'view' property (the declarative syntax is available as well).

If you feel puzzled about where to start, explore the desktop/getting_started.md article. To learn about main features and possibilities of the Webix library, read the desktop/overview.md.

<h2 style="clear:both;"/>Complex Widgets</h2>

A set of ready-made JavaScript widgets is provided to solve tasks in different fields. 
Whether you need to create an interactive data report, optimize a workflow, add and manage events,
handle hierarchical data or make calculations in a powerful spreadsheet, 
you will surely find a proper widget for your needs in the Webix library.

<div class="components_main" style="padding-left:50px;">
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/pivot.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/pivot.png"/>
			<br>Pivot
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/mobile_scheduler.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/scheduler.png"/>
			<br>Mobile Scheduler
		</a>
	</div>
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/kanban_board.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/kanban.png"/>
			<br>Kanban Board
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/file_manager.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/filemanager.png"/>
			<br>File Manager
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/spreadsheet.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/spreadsheet.png"/>
			<br>SpreadSheet
		</a>
    </div>
</div>


<h2 id="data_widgets" style="clear:both;"/>Data Widgets</h2>

Data widgets are used to present data of a specified type on the page. 
Such widgets manage the space allocated for their data and provide functionality for its access and configuration. 

<div class="components_group" style="padding-left:50px;">
    <div>
		<a href="datatable/index.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/datatable.png"/>
			<br>DataTable
		</a>
	</div>
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/dataview.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/dataview.png"/>
			<br>DataView
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/grouplist.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/grouplist.png"/>
			<br>GroupList
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/list.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/list.png"/>
			<br>List
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/property_sheet.md" style="clear:left;">
			<img src="desktop/icons/propertysheet.png"/>
			<br>Property Sheet
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="datatree/index.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/datatree.png"/>
			<br>Tree
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/treetable.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/treegrid.png"/>
			<br>TreeTable
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/unitlist.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/unitlist.png"/>
			<br>UnitList
		</a>
    </div>
</div>

<h2 id="data_widgets" style="clear:both;"/>Visualization Widgets</h2>

Visualization widgets provide the possibility to display data in various forms. You can use them in your application to present data in a nice and clear way.

<div class="components_group" style="padding-left:50px;">
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/chart.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/chart.png"/>
			<br>Chart
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/gage.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/gage.png"/>
			<br>Gage
		</a>
    </div>
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/range_chart.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/rangechart.png"/>
			<br>RangeChart
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/organogram.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/organogram.png"/>
			<br>Organogram
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/treemap.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/treemap.png"/>
			<br>TreeMap
		</a>
    </div>
</div>

<h2 style="clear:both;"/>Layouts</h2>

Layouts help you to organize your web page, define its overall look-and-feel. You can arrange the content in columns and rows, divide it into groups and control through navigation or animation.
 
<div class="components_group" style="padding-left:50px;">
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/accordion.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/accordion.png"/>
			<br>Accordion
		</a>
    </div>
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/carousel.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/carousel.png"/>
			<br>Carousel
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/form.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/form.png"/>
			<br>Form
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/layout.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/layout.png"/>
			<br>Layout
		</a>
    </div>
     <div>
		<a href="desktop/multiview.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/multiview.png"/>
			<br>MultiView
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/portlet.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/portlet.png"/>
			<br>Portlet
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/scrollview.md" style="clear:left;">
			<img src="desktop/icons/scrollview.png"/>
			<br>ScrollView
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/tabview.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/tabview.png"/>
			<br>TabView
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/toolbar.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/toolbar.png"/>
			<br>Toolbar
		</a>
    </div>
</div>


<h2 style="clear:both;"/>Context Widgets</h2>

Context widgets let displaying spatial and temporal information on some user's action, such as click on a button or filling in a field. 

<div class="components_group" style="padding-left:10px;">
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/context.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/context.png"/>
			<br>Context
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/contextmenu.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/contextmenu.png"/>
			<br>ContextMenu
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/menu.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/menu.png"/>
			<br>Menu
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/popup.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/popup.png"/>
			<br>Popup
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/sidemenu.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/sidemenu.png"/>
			<br>Sidemenu
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/tooltip_component.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/tooltip.png"/>
			<br>Tooltip
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/window.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/window.png"/>
			<br>Window
		</a>
    </div>
</div>




<h2 style="clear:both;">HTML-oriented Widgets</h2>

HTML-oriented widgets supply handy means for using habitual HTML elements in an application. There you can specify HTML templates, inline frames, forms etc.

<div class="components_group" style="padding-left:50px;">
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/htmlform.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/htmlform.png"/>
			<br>HTMLForm
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/iframe.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/iframe.png"/>
			<br>IFrame
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/video.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/video.png"/>
			<br>Video
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/template.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/template.png"/>
			<br>Template
		</a>
    </div>
</div>



<h2 style="clear:both;">Specific Widgets</h2>

The widgets listed in this section will help you to complete the picture of your application,
add special features that can't be achieved with the standard set of widgets presented above. 

<div class="components_group" style="padding-left:50px;">
	<div>
		<a href="desktop/barcode.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/barcode.png"/>
			<br>Barcode
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/calendar.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/calendar.png"/>
			<br>Calendar
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
	<a href="desktop/colorboard.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/colorboard.png"/>
			<br>Colorboard
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
    <a href="desktop/googlemap.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/googlemap.png"/>
			<br>GoogleMap
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/daterange.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/daterange.png"/>
			<br>DateRange
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/excelviewer.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/excelviewer.png"/>
			<br>Excel Viewer
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/pdfviewer.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/pdfviewer.png"/>
			<br>PDF Viewer
		</a>
    </div>
    <div>
		<a href="desktop/uploader.md">
			<img src="desktop/icons/uploader.png"/>
			<br>Uploader
		</a>
    </div>
</div>

<h2 style="clear:both;">Controls</h2>
Controls are mainly responsible for handling events since they enable user-app interaction by triggering functions attached to them. 
Note that any event can be attached to any widget by referring to its ID.  
<div class="controls_group" >
	<ul>
		<li><a href="desktop/button.md"><img src="api/toc/button.png"/> Button </a></li>
		<li><a href="desktop/checkbox.md"><img src="api/toc/checkbox.png"/> Checkbox</a></li>
		<li><a href="desktop/colorpicker.md"> <img src="api/toc/colorpicker.png"/> ColorPicker</a></li>
		<li><a href="desktop/combo.md"><img src="api/toc/combo.png"/> Combo</a></li>
		<li><a href="desktop/counter.md"><img src="api/toc/counter.png"/> Counter</a></li>             
        <li><a href="desktop/daterangepicker.md"><img src="api/toc/daterangepicker.png"/> DateRangePicker</a></li>   
        <li><a href="desktop/datepicker.md"><img src="api/toc/datepicker.png"/> DatePicker</a></li>
	</ul>
</div>

<div class="controls_group">
	<ul>      
        <li><a href="desktop/datasuggest.md"><img src="api/toc/datasuggest.png"/> DataSuggest</a></li>
    	<li><a href="desktop/icon.md"><img src="api/toc/icon.png"/> Icon</a></li>
    	<li><a href="desktop/fieldset.md"> <img src="api/toc/fieldset.png"/> Fieldset</a></li>
        <li><a href="desktop/gridsuggest.md"><img src="api/toc/gridsuggest.png"/> GridSuggest</a></li>
		<li><a href="desktop/label.md"><img src="api/toc/label.png"/> Label</a></li>
        <li><a href="desktop/multicombo.md"><img src="api/toc/multicombo.png"/> Multicombo</a></li>
        <li><a href="desktop/multiselect.md"> <img src="api/toc/multiselect.png"/> Multiselect</a></li>
	</ul>
</div>

<div class="controls_group">
	<ul>    	
        <li><a href="desktop/multitext.md"> <img src="api/toc/multitext.png"/> Multitext</a></li>
    	<li><a href="desktop/radio.md"> <img src="api/toc/radio.png"/> Radio</a></li>
        <li><a href="desktop/rangeslider.md"> <img src="api/toc/rangeslider.png"/> RangeSlider</a></li>
		<li><a href="desktop/richselect.md"><img src="api/toc/richselect.png"/> RichSelect</a></li>
        <li><a href="desktop/richtext.md"><img src="api/toc/richtext.png"/> RichText</a></li>
    	<li><a href="desktop/search.md"><img src="api/toc/search.png"/> Search</a></li>
    	<li><a href="desktop/select.md"><img src="api/toc/select.png"/> Select</a></li>	        
	</ul>
</div>

<div class="controls_group">
	<ul>    	
    	<li><a href="desktop/segmented.md"><img src="api/toc/segmented.png"/>Segmented</a></li>
        <li><a href="desktop/slider.md"><img src="api/toc/slider.png"/>Slider</a></li>	
        <li><a href="desktop/suggest.md"><img src="api/toc/suggest.png" style="padding-right:4px;"/> Suggest</a></li>
    	<li><a href="desktop/tabbar.md"><img src="api/toc/tabbar.png"/>Tabbar</a></li>
		<li><a href="desktop/text.md"><img src="api/toc/text.png"/>Text</a></li>	
    	<li><a href="desktop/textarea.md"><img src="api/toc/textarea.png"/>Textarea</a></li>
		<li><a href="desktop/toggle.md"><img src="api/toc/toggle.png"/>Toggle</a></li>    	
	</ul>
</div>

<h2 style="clear:both;">UI Extensions</h2>
UI extensions are helpful widgets that are mostly task-oriented and intended to accomplish a certain purpose. 
They are already quite configurable and need only to be initialized on the page to start serving.

<br>
To see a complete list of extension widgets and find out details on their use, please, go to the chapter - desktop/extensions.md.



<style>
div.components_main div{
	padding-top:25px;
    padding-bottom:25px;
    float:left;
    width:120px;
    text-align:center;
}
div.components_group div{
    padding-top:25px;
    padding-bottom:25px;
    float:left;
    width:100px;
    text-align:center;
}
div.controls_group{
    padding-top:25px;
    padding-bottom:25px;
    float:left;
   	margin-left:10px;   
}
div.controls_group ul {
    list-style-type:none;
}
div.controls_group li {
    line-height:2.5em;
}
div.controls_group img {
    vertical-align:middle;
    padding-right:7px;
}
</style>



@index:
- desktop/accordion.md
- desktop/barcode.md
- desktop/calendar.md
- desktop/carousel.md
- desktop/chart.md
- desktop/colorboard.md
- desktop/context.md
- desktop/contextmenu.md
- datatable/index.md
- desktop/dataview.md
- desktop/daterange.md
- desktop/excelviewer.md
- desktop/form.md
- desktop/controls.md
- desktop/gage.md
- desktop/googlemap.md
- desktop/grouplist.md
- desktop/htmlform.md
- desktop/iframe.md
- desktop/layout.md
- desktop/list.md
- desktop/menu.md
- desktop/multiview.md
- desktop/organogram.md
- desktop/pdfviewer.md
- desktop/popup.md
- desktop/portlet.md
- desktop/property_sheet.md
- desktop/range_chart.md
- desktop/scrollview.md
- desktop/sidemenu.md
- desktop/tabview.md
- desktop/template.md
- desktop/toolbar.md
- desktop/tooltip_component.md
- desktop/treemap.md
- datatree/index.md
- desktop/treetable.md
- desktop/unitlist.md
- desktop/uploader.md
- desktop/window.md
- desktop/video.md
