data/desktop/extensions.md, before:

UI Extensions
===========================
Except for the main line of <a href="http://webix.com/widgets/" title="ui widgets">UI components</a>, the library provides a number of helpful extensions to simplify your development. 
Most of the extensions are task-oriented and intended to accomplish a certain purpose. They are already quite configurable and need only initializing on the page to start serving.

<br>

<table  style='border-left:none !important;' cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5" border="0">
	<tbody>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics' style="vertical-align:text-top;">
		    <h4 id='ui' style="margin-bottom:4px;">
		        <a href="desktop/sidebar.md">Sidebar</a>
		    </h4>
		    A component that helps you to create a hierarchical collapsible menu with a vertical navigation bar.
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description' style="text-align: center; padding:20px;"><img src="desktop/sidebar.png"></td>
	</tr>   
	<tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics' style="vertical-align:text-top;">
		    <h4 id='ui' style="margin-bottom:4px;">
		        <a href="desktop/maps.md">Map</a>
		    </h4>
		    An integration extension that allows you to add 3-rd party web maps to the app: <i>Google Maps, Yandex Maps, Here Maps, OpenStreet Maps</i>.
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description' style="text-align: center; padding:20px;"><a href="desktop/maps.md"><img src="desktop/map_extension.png"></a></td>
	</tr>
     <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics' style="vertical-align:text-top;">
		    <h4 id='ui' style="margin-bottom:4px;">
		        <a href="desktop/chart_integration.md">Chart</a>
		    </h4>
		    An integration extension that allows you to add 3rd-party charts to the app: <i>Raphael, D3, JustGage, SigmaJS</i>.
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description' style="text-align: center; padding:20px;"><a href="desktop/chart_integration.md"><img src="desktop/chart_extension.png"></a></td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics' style="vertical-align:text-top;">
		    <h4 id='ui' style="margin-bottom:4px;">
		        <a href="desktop/text_editors.md">Text Editor</a>
		    </h4>
		    An integration extension that allows you to add 3rd-party editors to the app: <i>Mercury, TinyMCE, Code Mirror, NicEdit, CKEditor</i>.
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description' style="text-align: center; padding:20px;"><a href="desktop/text_editors.md"><img src="desktop/editor_extension.png"></a></td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics' style="vertical-align:text-top;">
		    <h4 id='ui' style="margin-bottom:4px;">
		        <a href="desktop/graphic_tools.md">Graphic Tools</a>
		    </h4>
		    An integration extension that allows you to add 3rd-party graphic tools to the app: <i>Konva, Paper</i>.
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description' style="text-align: center; padding:20px;"><a href="desktop/text_editors.md"><img src="desktop/graphic_extension.png"></a></td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics' style="vertical-align:text-top;">
		    <h4 id='ui' style="margin-bottom:4px;">
		        <a href="desktop/scheduler.md">Scheduler</a>
		    </h4>
		    An integration extension that allows you to add a 3rd-party event calendar to the app: <i>dhtmlxScheduler of the DHTMLX library</i>.
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description' style="text-align: center; padding:20px;"> <a href="desktop/scheduler.md"><img src="desktop/scheduler_extension.png"></a></td>
	</tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

@index:
- desktop/sidebar.md
- desktop/text_editors.md
- desktop/chart_integration.md
- desktop/maps.md
- desktop/graphic_tools.md
- desktop/scheduler.md

Commit message:

[update] docs on integration are updated, an article on react integration is added

data/desktop/extensions.md, after:

UI Extensions
===========================

Except for the main line of <a href="http://webix.com/widgets/" title="ui widgets">UI components</a>, the library provides a number of helpful integration extensions to simplify your development. 
Most of the extensions are task-oriented and intended to accomplish a certain purpose. They are already quite configurable and need only initializing on the page to start serving.

If you want to implement a custom integration for your project, check the article desktop/custom_integration.md.

<br>

<table  style='border-left:none !important;' cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5" border="0">
	<tbody>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics' style="vertical-align:text-top;">
		    <h4 id='ui' style="margin-bottom:4px;">
		        <a href="desktop/sidebar.md">Sidebar</a>
		    </h4>
		    A component that helps you to create a hierarchical collapsible menu with a vertical navigation bar.
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description' style="text-align: center; padding:20px;"><img src="desktop/sidebar.png"></td>
	</tr>   
	<tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics' style="vertical-align:text-top;">
		    <h4 id='ui' style="margin-bottom:4px;">
		        <a href="desktop/maps.md">Map</a>
		    </h4>
		    An integration extension that allows you to add 3-rd party web maps to the app: <i>Google Maps, Yandex Maps, Here Maps, OpenStreet Maps</i>.
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description' style="text-align: center; padding:20px;"><a href="desktop/maps.md"><img src="desktop/map_extension.png"></a></td>
	</tr>
     <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics' style="vertical-align:text-top;">
		    <h4 id='ui' style="margin-bottom:4px;">
		        <a href="desktop/chart_integration.md">Chart</a>
		    </h4>
		    An integration extension that allows you to add 3rd-party charts to the app: <i>Raphael, D3, JustGage, SigmaJS</i>.
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description' style="text-align: center; padding:20px;"><a href="desktop/chart_integration.md"><img src="desktop/chart_extension.png"></a></td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics' style="vertical-align:text-top;">
		    <h4 id='ui' style="margin-bottom:4px;">
		        <a href="desktop/text_editors.md">Text Editor</a>
		    </h4>
		    An integration extension that allows you to add 3rd-party editors to the app: <i>Mercury, TinyMCE, Code Mirror, NicEdit, CKEditor</i>.
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description' style="text-align: center; padding:20px;"><a href="desktop/text_editors.md"><img src="desktop/editor_extension.png"></a></td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics' style="vertical-align:text-top;">
		    <h4 id='ui' style="margin-bottom:4px;">
		        <a href="desktop/graphic_tools.md">Graphic Tools</a>
		    </h4>
		    An integration extension that allows you to add 3rd-party graphic tools to the app: <i>Konva, Paper</i>.
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description' style="text-align: center; padding:20px;"><a href="desktop/text_editors.md"><img src="desktop/graphic_extension.png"></a></td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics' style="vertical-align:text-top;">
		    <h4 id='ui' style="margin-bottom:4px;">
		        <a href="desktop/scheduler.md">Scheduler</a>
		    </h4>
		    An integration extension that allows you to add a 3rd-party event calendar to the app: <i>dhtmlxScheduler of the DHTMLX library</i>.
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description' style="text-align: center; padding:20px;"> <a href="desktop/scheduler.md"><img src="desktop/scheduler_extension.png"></a></td>
	</tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

@index:
- desktop/sidebar.md
- desktop/text_editors.md
- desktop/chart_integration.md
- desktop/maps.md
- desktop/graphic_tools.md
- desktop/scheduler.md
- desktop/custom_integration.md
