data/desktop/file_manager.md, before:

File Manager
==============

API Reference
--------------

- [Methods, properties and events](api/refs/ui.filemanager.md)
- [Samples](http://docs.webix.com/samples/64_file_manager/index.html)


<div class="h2">Overview</div>


Webix File Manager is intended for viewing folders and files and navigating through them in a handy way.

This tool lets you perform all habitual operations with files and folders (copy/paste, rename, delete), as well as drag-n-drop them.
Moreover, it's possible to upload and download files and search for necessary files and folders.

Apart from files, File Manager allows working with any kind of hierarchical data and can be easily integrated into a web app.

<br>

<img style="display:block; margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;" src="file_manager/front.png"/>

<div class="h2">Guides</div>

<table  style='border-left:none !important;' cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5" border="0">
	<tbody>
	<tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics'>
		    <h4 id='ui'>
		        Configuring File Manager
		    </h4>
		    <ul id="design_sublist">
                <li>file_manager/fmanager_init.md</li>
                <li>file_manager/loading_data.md</li>
                <li>file_manager/templates.md</li>
                <li>file_manager/configuration.md</li>
                <li>file_manager/localization.md</li>
            </ul>
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description'>Discusses the main points of File Manager initialization and customization.</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics'>
		    <h4 id='ui'>
		        Working with File Manager
		    </h4>
		    <ul id="design_sublist">
                <li>file_manager/manipulating_items.md</li>
                <li>file_manager/events.md</li>
                <li>file_manager/api_reference.md</li>
                <li>file_manager/howto.md</li>
            </ul>
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description'>Describes possible operations with File Manager and its elements.</td>
	</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>

@index:

- file_manager/fmanager_init.md
- file_manager/loading_data.md
- file_manager/templates.md
- file_manager/configuration.md
- file_manager/localization.md
- file_manager/manipulating_items.md
- file_manager/events.md
- file_manager/api_reference.md
- file_manager/howto.md

Commit message:

main pages of extensions docs updated

data/desktop/file_manager.md, after:

File Manager
==============

API Reference
--------------

- [Methods, properties and events](api/refs/ui.filemanager.md)


<div class="h2">External resources</div>


- You can [download File Manager](http://webix.com/filemanager/download.html) from [http://webix.com/filemanager/](http://webix.com/filemanager/)
- There are online samples at [docs.webix.com/samples](http://docs.webix.com/samples/64_file_manager/index.html)


Overview
-----------

Webix File Manager is intended for viewing folders and files and navigating through them in a handy way.

This tool lets you perform all habitual operations with files and folders (copy/paste, rename, delete), as well as drag-n-drop them.
Moreover, it's possible to upload and download files and search for necessary files and folders.

Apart from files, File Manager allows working with any kind of hierarchical data and can be easily integrated into a web app.

<br>

<img style="display:block; margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;" src="file_manager/front.png"/>

<div class="h2">Guides</div>

<table  style='border-left:none !important;' cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5" border="0">
	<tbody>
	<tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics'>
		    <h4 id='ui'>
		        Configuring File Manager
		    </h4>
		    <ul id="design_sublist">
                <li>file_manager/fmanager_init.md</li>
                <li>file_manager/loading_data.md</li>
                <li>file_manager/templates.md</li>
                <li>file_manager/configuration.md</li>
                <li>file_manager/localization.md</li>
            </ul>
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description'>Discusses the main points of File Manager initialization and customization.</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics'>
		    <h4 id='ui'>
		        Working with File Manager
		    </h4>
		    <ul id="design_sublist">
                <li>file_manager/manipulating_items.md</li>
                <li>file_manager/events.md</li>
                <li>file_manager/api_reference.md</li>
                <li>file_manager/howto.md</li>
            </ul>
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description'>Describes possible operations with File Manager and its elements.</td>
	</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>

@index:

- file_manager/fmanager_init.md
- file_manager/loading_data.md
- file_manager/templates.md
- file_manager/configuration.md
- file_manager/localization.md
- file_manager/manipulating_items.md
- file_manager/events.md
- file_manager/api_reference.md
- file_manager/howto.md
