data/desktop/gridsuggest.md, before:

Grid Suggest
========================

The extension is based on Webix [suggest list](desktop/suggest.md). It redefines the **default dropdown menu** for richselect](desktop/richselect.md), [multiselect](desktop/multiselect.md),
[combo](desktop/combo.md), [multicombo](desktop/multicombo.md)  controls as well as similar [editors](desktop/editing.md#editortypes).

Gridsuggest extension makes it possible to use Webix [datatable](datatable/index.md) in a dropdown menu while by default Webix [list](desktop/list.md) is used. 

##Using Gridsuggest for Form Controls

Gridsuggest can be used with select controls.

<img src="desktop/gridsuggest.png"/>

{{editor http://webix.com/snippet/6e41d23b	Grid Suggest}}

By default combo and richselect are initialized with the following constructor:

~~~js
{
	view:"combo", //or richselect
	value:1,
	options:[..]//option data
}
~~~

With gridsuggest extension you get the possibility to define view used for a dropdown menu as well as set its configuration, both for combo and richselect.

~~~js
{ view:"richselect", value:1, options:{
	view:"gridsuggest",
	data:options 
}}
~~~ 

Possible properties here are as follows: 

- **view** (string) - name of the view acting as a dropdown menu (here - gridsuggest);
- **data** (array) - data for the options to choose from;
- **textValue** (string) - data value shown in the input (acts as a string template) and, in case of combo, data value used for filtering. By default, the first data value after the ID field is taken;
- **template** (function) - allows for setting a complex template for the input field;
- **width** (number) - width of a dropdown popup;
- **body** (object) - set of configuration options for a suggest datatable. 

~~~js
{ view:"richselect", options:{
	view:"gridsuggest",
	template:function(item){
		return item.name + " (" + item.color + ")";
	},
	//textColor:#name#
	data:options
}},
~~~

Such code will show a datatable with borders while the columns will be generated for all data values from the dataset except for the ID field. 

Datatable can be further configured inside **body** object property and can take the following parameters: 

- **autoConfig** (boolean) - if *true*, enables default configuration for datatable (described above);
- **columns** (array) - used instead of autoConfig, allows for setting an array of columns for the datatable.
- **header** (boolean) - if *false*, hides datatable header. *True* by default;
- **borderless** (boolean) - if *true*, removes borders around the datatable. *False* by default;
- **data** (array) - data for the options to choose from. If you use **body** property for gridsuggest configuration, data should be defined inside it. 

{{snippet
Auto config, no headers, no borders
}}
~~~js
{ view:"combo", options:{
	view:"gridsuggest",
	body:{
		autoConfig:true,
		header:false, 
		borderless:true,
		data: options
	}
}}
~~~

{{snippet
Preset Columns
}}
~~~js
{ view:"combo", options:{
	view:"gridsuggest",
	body:{
		columns:[
			{ id:"name" }, { id:"color" }
		],
		data:options
	}
}}
~~~

##Using Gridsuggest as Editor

Gridsuggest can be used as a component editor as part of **combo** or **richselect** [editor](desktop/editing.md#editortypes). 

<img src="desktop/gridsuggest_editor.png">

For these needs, a popup should be previously initialized, either with default or with customized settings:
{{snippet
Default  - that's enough
}}
~~~js
var popup = webix.ui({
   view:"gridsuggest"
});
~~~

With the custom configuration all the above-mentioned settings can be used:

{{snippet
Customized
}}
~~~js
var popup = webix.ui({
  	view:"gridsuggest",
	body:{
		columns:[
			{id:"value", header:"Value", width:250},
			{id:"year", header:"Year", width:100}
		]
	}
});
~~~

Then, this popup should be attached to the column in question with the help of its **popup** property:

~~~js
{ id:"title",  editor:"combo", collection:options, popup:popup }
~~~

{{sample 32_thirdparty/13_gridselect_editor.html}}

##Enabling scrolling

In order to enable scrolling functionality in a gridsuggest extension, you should make 2 steps:

1. Set the scroll property to true
2. Disable the autoheight parameter

~~~js
var form = { view:"form", elements: [
	{ view:"combo", name:"names", label:"Code", options:{
    	view:"gridsuggest",
        data: ["A", "B", "C", "D", "E", "F", "G", "H", "J"],
       	body: {
        	scroll:true,
       		autoheight:false,
        	autofocus:true,
        	yCount:5
        }
    }}
  ]
};

webix.ui(form);
~~~

##Related Articles

- [Webix Data Loading Pattern](desktop/data_loading.md)
- [Templates for Webix Data Components](desktop/html_templates.md)
- [Data Editing](desktop/edit.md)

@edition:pro

Commit message:

[update] grid and data suggest controls docs updated, pdf and excel viewers docs moved to components

data/desktop/gridsuggest.md, after:

Grid Suggest
========================

The extension is based on Webix [suggest list](desktop/suggest.md). It redefines the **default dropdown menu** for richselect](desktop/richselect.md), [multiselect](desktop/multiselect.md),
[combo](desktop/combo.md), [multicombo](desktop/multicombo.md)  controls as well as similar [editors](desktop/editing.md#editortypes).

Gridsuggest extension makes it possible to use Webix [datatable](datatable/index.md) in a dropdown menu while by default Webix [list](desktop/list.md) is used. 


For the convenience of users of the Webix PRO version, Grid Suggest is placed in the PRO Edition of the library. 
However, this component can also be used under the GPL license.

In this case, you need to choose one of the two ways to use Grid Suggest:

- you can either add the direct link to the component from http://cdn.webix.com in the head section of your document after including 
*webix.js* and *webix.css* files:

~~~html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../codebase/webix.css" type="text/css" >
<script src="../../codebase/webix.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

<script src="http://cdn.webix.com/components/gridsuggest/gridsuggest.js"></script>
~~~

- or download the component from [https://github.com/webix-hub/components](https://github.com/webix-hub/components) and include the *gridsuggest.js* file on the page:

~~~html
<script type="text/javascript" src="./gridsuggest.js"></script>
~~~

If you use the PRO Edition of Webix, you don't need to include any additional files, as Grid Suggest is included into the PRO version package.

##Using Gridsuggest for Form Controls

Gridsuggest can be used with select controls.

<img src="desktop/gridsuggest.png"/>

{{editor http://webix.com/snippet/6e41d23b	Grid Suggest}}

By default combo and richselect are initialized with the following constructor:

~~~js
{
	view:"combo", //or richselect
	value:1,
	options:[..]//option data
}
~~~

With gridsuggest extension you get the possibility to define view used for a dropdown menu as well as set its configuration, both for combo and richselect.

~~~js
{ view:"richselect", value:1, options:{
	view:"gridsuggest",
	data:options 
}}
~~~ 

Possible properties here are as follows: 

- **view** (string) - name of the view acting as a dropdown menu (here - gridsuggest);
- **data** (array) - data for the options to choose from;
- **textValue** (string) - data value shown in the input (acts as a string template) and, in case of combo, data value used for filtering. By default, the first data value after the ID field is taken;
- **template** (function) - allows for setting a complex template for the input field;
- **width** (number) - width of a dropdown popup;
- **body** (object) - set of configuration options for a suggest datatable. 

~~~js
{ view:"richselect", options:{
	view:"gridsuggest",
	template:function(item){
		return item.name + " (" + item.color + ")";
	},
	//textColor:#name#
	data:options
}},
~~~

Such code will show a datatable with borders while the columns will be generated for all data values from the dataset except for the ID field. 

Datatable can be further configured inside **body** object property and can take the following parameters: 

- **autoConfig** (boolean) - if *true*, enables default configuration for datatable (described above);
- **columns** (array) - used instead of autoConfig, allows for setting an array of columns for the datatable.
- **header** (boolean) - if *false*, hides datatable header. *True* by default;
- **borderless** (boolean) - if *true*, removes borders around the datatable. *False* by default;
- **data** (array) - data for the options to choose from. If you use **body** property for gridsuggest configuration, data should be defined inside it. 

{{snippet
Auto config, no headers, no borders
}}
~~~js
{ view:"combo", options:{
	view:"gridsuggest",
	body:{
		autoConfig:true,
		header:false, 
		borderless:true,
		data: options
	}
}}
~~~

{{snippet
Preset Columns
}}
~~~js
{ view:"combo", options:{
	view:"gridsuggest",
	body:{
		columns:[
			{ id:"name" }, { id:"color" }
		],
		data:options
	}
}}
~~~

##Using Gridsuggest as Editor

Gridsuggest can be used as a component editor as part of **combo** or **richselect** [editor](desktop/editing.md#editortypes). 

<img src="desktop/gridsuggest_editor.png">

For these needs, a popup should be previously initialized, either with default or with customized settings:
{{snippet
Default  - that's enough
}}
~~~js
var popup = webix.ui({
   view:"gridsuggest"
});
~~~

With the custom configuration all the above-mentioned settings can be used:

{{snippet
Customized
}}
~~~js
var popup = webix.ui({
  	view:"gridsuggest",
	body:{
		columns:[
			{id:"value", header:"Value", width:250},
			{id:"year", header:"Year", width:100}
		]
	}
});
~~~

Then, this popup should be attached to the column in question with the help of its **popup** property:

~~~js
{ id:"title",  editor:"combo", collection:options, popup:popup }
~~~

{{sample 32_thirdparty/13_gridselect_editor.html}}

##Enabling scrolling

In order to enable scrolling functionality in a gridsuggest extension, you should make 2 steps:

1. Set the scroll property to true
2. Disable the autoheight parameter

~~~js
var form = { view:"form", elements: [
	{ view:"combo", name:"names", label:"Code", options:{
    	view:"gridsuggest",
        data: ["A", "B", "C", "D", "E", "F", "G", "H", "J"],
       	body: {
        	scroll:true,
       		autoheight:false,
        	autofocus:true,
        	yCount:5
        }
    }}
  ]
};

webix.ui(form);
~~~

##Related Articles

- [Webix Data Loading Pattern](desktop/data_loading.md)
- [Templates for Webix Data Components](desktop/html_templates.md)
- [Data Editing](desktop/edit.md)

@edition:pro
