data/desktop/html_templates.md, before:

Data Templates
=================
Here we speak about the ways of presenting data inside the component after [data loading](desktop/data_loading.md).

When the data is loaded to the component it is stored in the data object and the component searches for the right value to display. So what it the **object value** for each data item?

Data Item Value
-----------------

All supported data types may contain **more than one value per item** e.g. each item of a filmset may contain not only a film's title but also its rank, year of production and number of votes. 

Still, different components have different possibilities and requirements:

- Components with **single-value items**: [list](desktop/list.md) and its variants ([grouplist](desktop/grouplist.md), [unitlist](desktop/unitlist.md) and [x-list](desktop/xlist.md)), 
[dataview](desktop/dataview.md) and [tree](datatree/index.md). Each of their items takes one value by default. 
- Components with **multiple-value items**: [datatable](datatable/index.md) and [treetable](desktop/treetable.md). They take as many items as many columns are defined. 
- [Chart](desktop/chart.md) requires a **pair of values**  - one for each exle.

####Item Value can be defined by: 

- **JSON property/XML tag value**

~~~js
//JSON
[ {id:1, value:"3", title:"" }, {id:2, value:"2", title:""} ]

//XML
<data><item value='3' other:""/><item value='2' other:""/></data>
~~~

{{sample 17_datatree/01_loading/01_json_data.html}}

Such definition would suit single-value components. If a data item has other properties, their values won't be shown unless you define template.

- **data template** that performs two tasks
	- main - defines which item property (-ies) should be treated as **value** to display;
    - adds formatting to this value.
    
Template can be defined for any component you wish.  

Template can set one or several properties as value to display:

~~~js
webix.ui({
	view:"list",
    template:"#title#" 
});//this list will show 'titles'

webix.ui({
	view:"list",
    template:"#value#.#title#" 
}); //this list will show 'values' and 'titles' 
~~~

{{sample 05_list/01_list.html }}

- [datatable](datatable/index.md) and [treetable](desktop/treetable.md) **column ID** that act as templates for cells.

~~~js
view:"datatable",
columns:[
	{ id:"id", header:"..", width: 50}, //1st col displays item 'IDs'
	{ id:"title"}, //2nd col displays item 'titles'
    { id:"value"} //3rd col displays item 'values'
]   
~~~

Column IDs perform the main template function - they set the value to display. To add extra words or formatting to the displayed values, you can 
define a template for the column. 

~~~js
{ id:"title", template:"The title is <b>#title#</b>!"}
~~~

###Template for CSV and JSArray

CSV and JSArray data types have no tags or properties. 

~~~js
//CSV 
'3,4 \n 2,6 \n 5, 9'

//JSarray
[
	[3, 4],[2, 6],[5, 9]
]
~~~

The elements are defined by their position in the CSV string or JSArray - data0, data1, data3

~~~js
//list template
template:"#data0#.#data1#" 

//datatable columns

columns:[
	{ id:"data0"},
	{ id:"data1"}
] 
;
~~~

{{sample 15_datatable/01_loading/01_inline_data.html}}

{{note
As far as you've noticed, only **JSON** and **XML** data can be displayed without refering to template, since only they can directly set **value.** 
Moreover, this can be applied only to components with **single-value items**. 
}}

###Chart Specificity: 

[Chart](desktop/chart.md) requires two values per item - one for each axle. 

- **Y-axle value** is defined by **value** property tht can be additionally amended within yAxis object property.
- **X-axis value** is defined by template within xAxis object property.

~~~js
webix.ui({
   view:"chart",
   value:"#data0#", //in case of CSV or JSArray
   xAxis:{
       template:"#data1#"
   },
   yAxis:{
       template:function(obj){
             return (obj%20?"":obj
    }
});
~~~

In case of template function (described below) value is referred to as **obj** instead of standard obj.value (obj.title, obj.data0). 

{{sample 08_chart/01_initialization/03_load_csv.html}}

Template Contents
-------------------

The whole template comes in quotation marks and includes: 

- **JSON keys / XML tags** from initial dataset (nested into pairs of hash signs) plus HTML tags (required to make data seen); 
- **plain text**;
- **HTML tags** and **CSS selectors** (optional, adds styling); 
- **stops** of various kinds - period, comma, colon, hyphen.. 

###Template Sample

~~~js
template: "<span style="classname">#title#</span>. Shot in #year#. Ranked #rank#"
~~~

*Title*, *year* and *rank* signify repeated values from the dataset. All the titles will be styled with the help of *.classname* CSS class. 'Shot in' and 'Ranked' is usual text 
included for better understanding. The template contains three sentenses divided with periods. 

Optionally, you can define the **template for data copied to clipboard**. If not specified, data will be taken accoring to the above-mentioned template.

~~~js
templateCopy: "#rank#.#title#"
~~~

In this case, only rank and title values are copied. 

{{note
**Grouplist** has its own templating pattern. Look into the [related article](desktop/grouplist.md) for details.
}}

###The item in the intial dataset looks like this: 

~~~js
//JSON
{title:"My film", year:1994, rank:7}

//XML
<item>
	<title>My film</title>
	<year>1994</year>
	<rank>7</rank>
</item>
~~~
Inside the component it looks like this: **<i>My film.</i> Shot in 1998. Ranked 7.**

{{note
Don't mix template property with the [template](desktop/template.md) component.
}}

##Template Types

Templates for data exist in the shape of HTML tags within JS objects as well as can form a named template, refer to a HTML container or an external file and even form a function according to which data will be presented.  

Templates are included into webix components as well as into some of their properties that take objects as values. 

- [Tooltip implementation](desktop/tooltip.md)
- [Type implementation](desktop/type.md)

###HTML inside Javascript

{{snippet
JSON data in the dataview
}}

~~~js

	var big_film_set = [{"id":1,
    					"title":"The Shawshank Redemption",
                        "year":"1994","votes":"678,79",
                        "rating":"9,2","rank":"1"}];
webix.ui({       
 view: "dataview",
 template: "<div class='rank'>#rank#.</div><div class='title'>#title#</div>"
  })
~~~

{{sample 06_dataview/02_templates/01_jshtml.html}}

###Named Template

Template may be included inside the **type** parameter. Type applies to each item rather then the whole component. 

1 . First you should create type with the webix.type constructor. It is created for the specified UI component: 

~~~js
webix.type(webix.ui.dataview,{
            name:"typeA",
            template: "<div class=''>#rank#.</div>
                        <div class='title'>#title#</div>
                        <div class='year'>#year# year</div>",
        });
~~~ 
2 . Then you define the type **name** as value of template property for this component:
~~~js
webix.ui({       
 view: "dataview",
 type: "typeA", //name of the new object created in the first step
 ...
  })
~~~

{{sample 06_dataview/02_templates/05_named.html }}

See the corresponding article to learn more about [type implementation](desktop/type.md).

###HTML Container with Data Template

The template may be defined inside an **html-container** and referred to as a value of a template parameter: 

~~~html
 <textarea id="template_container" rows="5" cols="60" style="margin-left:20px">
        <div class='overall'>
            <div class='rank'>#rank#.</div>
            <div class='title'>#title#</div>
            <div class='year'>#year#</div>
        </div>
    </textarea>
    
<script>
webix.ui({       
 	view: "dataview",
	template:"html->template_container", //look at the textarea id
    ...})
<script>
~~~

{{sample 06_dataview/02_templates/03_html.html }}

###External HTML template

Template can be defined in some external file. In this case, **template** parameter will get a link to this file.

~~~js
     webix.ui({
		view:"dataview",
		template:"http->template.html",
        data:big_film_set
		});
~~~

The file contents (an HTML template from the example above):

~~~html
<div class="overall">
    <div class="rank">#rank#.</div>
    <div class="title">#title#</div>
    <div class="year">#year# year</div>
</div>
~~~

{{sample 06_dataview/02_templates/04_external.html }}

###Template Function

Template may as well contain a **function** that specifies the info to show: 

~~~js
...
template:function(obj){
			return "<div class='overall'><div class='rank'>"+obj.rank+".</div>
            	<div class='title'>"+obj.title+"</div>
            	<div class='year'>"+obj.year+" year</div> </div>"
				}
~~~

{{sample 06_dataview/02_templates/02_js.html}}

- If value is defined by JSON/XML tag **value** - you refer to it as **obj.value.**
- If value is defined by template - you refer to it as **obj.title**, **obj.rank**, **obj.data0** (CSV, JSArray) etc. 

@index:
  - desktop/tooltip.md
  - desktop/type.md

@complexity:2

Commit message:

[update] documentation synced with docs

data/desktop/html_templates.md, after:

Data Templates
=================
Here we speak about the ways of presenting data inside the component after [data loading](desktop/data_loading.md).

When the data is loaded to the component it is stored in the data object and the component searches for the right value to display. So what it the **object value** for each data item?

Data Item Value
-----------------

All supported data types may contain **more than one value per item** e.g. each item of a filmset may contain not only a film's title but also its rank, year of production and number of votes. 

Still, different components have different possibilities and requirements:

- Components with **single-value items**: [list](desktop/list.md) and its variants ([grouplist](desktop/grouplist.md), [unitlist](desktop/unitlist.md) and [x-list](desktop/xlist.md)), 
[dataview](desktop/dataview.md) and [tree](datatree/index.md). Each of their items takes one value by default. 
- Components with **multiple-value items**: [datatable](datatable/index.md) and [treetable](desktop/treetable.md). They take as many items as many columns are defined. 
- [Chart](desktop/chart.md) requires a **pair of values**  - one for each exle.

####Item Value can be defined by: 

- **JSON property/XML tag value**

~~~js
//JSON
[ {id:1, value:"3", title:"" }, {id:2, value:"2", title:""} ]

//XML
<data><item value='3' other:""/><item value='2' other:""/></data>
~~~

{{sample 17_datatree/01_loading/01_json_data.html}}

Such definition would suit single-value components. If a data item has other properties, their values won't be shown unless you define template.

- **data template** that performs two tasks
	- main - defines which item property (-ies) should be treated as **value** to display;
    - adds formatting to this value.
    
Template can be defined for any component you wish.  

Template can set one or several properties as value to display:

~~~js
webix.ui({
	view:"list",
    template:"#title#" 
});//this list will show 'titles'

webix.ui({
	view:"list",
    template:"#value#.#title#" 
}); //this list will show 'values' and 'titles' 
~~~

{{sample 05_list/01_list.html }}

- [datatable](datatable/index.md) and [treetable](desktop/treetable.md) **column ID** that act as templates for cells.

~~~js
view:"datatable",
columns:[
	{ id:"id", header:"..", width: 50}, //1st col displays item 'IDs'
	{ id:"title"}, //2nd col displays item 'titles'
    { id:"value"} //3rd col displays item 'values'
]   
~~~

Column IDs perform the main template function - they set the value to display. To add extra words or formatting to the displayed values, you can 
define a template for the column. 

~~~js
{ id:"title", template:"The title is <b>#title#</b>!"}
~~~

###Template for CSV and JSArray

CSV and JSArray data types have no tags or properties. 

~~~js
//CSV 
'3,4 \n 2,6 \n 5, 9'

//JSarray
[
	[3, 4],[2, 6],[5, 9]
]
~~~

The elements are defined by their position in the CSV string or JSArray - data0, data1, data3

~~~js
//list template
template:"#data0#.#data1#" 

//datatable columns

columns:[
	{ id:"data0"},
	{ id:"data1"}
] 
;
~~~

{{sample 15_datatable/01_loading/01_inline_data.html}}

{{note
As far as you've noticed, only **JSON** and **XML** data can be displayed without refering to template, since only they can directly set **value.** 
Moreover, this can be applied only to components with **single-value items**. 
}}

###Chart Specificity: 

[Chart](desktop/chart.md) requires two values per item - one for each axle. 

- **Y-axle value** is defined by **value** property tht can be additionally amended within yAxis object property.
- **X-axis value** is defined by template within xAxis object property.

~~~js
webix.ui({
   view:"chart",
   value:"#data0#", //in case of CSV or JSArray
   xAxis:{
       template:"#data1#"
   },
   yAxis:{
       template:function(obj){
             return (obj%20?"":obj
    }
});
~~~

In case of template function (described below) value is referred to as **obj** instead of standard obj.value (obj.title, obj.data0). 

{{sample 08_chart/01_initialization/03_load_csv.html}}

Template Contents
-------------------

The whole template comes in quotation marks and includes: 

- **JSON keys / XML tags** from initial dataset (nested into pairs of hash signs) plus HTML tags (required to make data seen); 
- **plain text**;
- **HTML tags** and **CSS selectors** (optional, adds styling); 
- **stops** of various kinds - period, comma, colon, hyphen.. 

###Template Sample

~~~js
template: "<span style="classname">#title#</span>. Shot in #year#. Ranked #rank#"
~~~

*Title*, *year* and *rank* signify repeated values from the dataset. All the titles will be styled with the help of *.classname* CSS class. 'Shot in' and 'Ranked' is usual text 
included for better understanding. The template contains three sentenses divided with periods. 

Optionally, you can define the **template for data copied to clipboard**. If not specified, data will be taken accoring to the above-mentioned template.

~~~js
templateCopy: "#rank#.#title#"
~~~

In this case, only rank and title values are copied. 

{{note
**Grouplist** has its own templating pattern. Look into the [related article](desktop/grouplist.md) for details.
}}

###The item in the intial dataset looks like this: 

~~~js
//JSON
{title:"My film", year:1994, rank:7}

//XML
<item>
	<title>My film</title>
	<year>1994</year>
	<rank>7</rank>
</item>
~~~
Inside the component it looks like this: **<i>My film.</i> Shot in 1998. Ranked 7.**

{{note
Don't mix template property with the [template](desktop/template.md) component.
}}

##Template Types

Templates for data exist in the shape of HTML tags within JS objects as well as can form a named template, refer to a HTML container or an external file and even form a function according to which data will be presented.  

Templates are included into webix components as well as into some of their properties that take objects as values. 

- [Tooltip implementation](desktop/tooltip.md)
- [Type implementation](desktop/type.md)

###HTML inside Javascript

{{snippet
JSON data in the dataview
}}

~~~js

	var big_film_set = [{"id":1,
    					"title":"The Shawshank Redemption",
                        "year":"1994","votes":"678,79",
                        "rating":"9,2","rank":"1"}];
webix.ui({       
 view: "dataview",
 template: "<div class='rank'>#rank#.</div><div class='title'>#title#</div>"
  })
~~~

{{sample 06_dataview/02_templates/01_jshtml.html}}

###Named Template

Template may be included inside the **type** parameter. Type applies to each item rather then the whole component. 

1 . First you should create type with the webix.type constructor. It is created for the specified UI component: 

~~~js
webix.type(webix.ui.dataview,{
            name:"typeA",
            template: "<div class=''>#rank#.</div>
                        <div class='title'>#title#</div>
                        <div class='year'>#year# year</div>",
        });
~~~ 
2 . Then you define the type **name** as value of template property for this component:
~~~js
webix.ui({       
 view: "dataview",
 type: "typeA", //name of the new object created in the first step
 ...
  })
~~~

{{sample 06_dataview/02_templates/05_named.html }}

See the corresponding article to learn more about [type implementation](desktop/type.md).

###HTML Container with Data Template

The template may be defined inside an **html-container** and referred to as a value of a template parameter: 

~~~html
 <textarea id="template_container" rows="5" cols="60" style="margin-left:20px">
        <div class='overall'>
            <div class='rank'>#rank#.</div>
            <div class='title'>#title#</div>
            <div class='year'>#year#</div>
        </div>
    </textarea>
    
<script>
webix.ui({       
 	view: "dataview",
	template:"html->template_container", //look at the textarea id
    ...})
<script>
~~~

{{sample 06_dataview/02_templates/03_html.html }}

###External HTML template

Template can be defined in some external file. In this case, **template** parameter will get a link to this file.

~~~js
     webix.ui({
		view:"dataview",
		template:"http->template.html",
        data:big_film_set
		});
~~~

The file contents (an HTML template from the example above):

~~~html
<div class="overall">
    <div class="rank">#rank#.</div>
    <div class="title">#title#</div>
    <div class="year">#year# year</div>
</div>
~~~

{{sample 06_dataview/02_templates/04_external.html }}

###Template Function

Template may as well contain a **function** that specifies the info to show: 

~~~js
...
template:function(obj){
			return "<div class='overall'><div class='rank'>"+obj.rank+".</div>
            	<div class='title'>"+obj.title+"</div>
            	<div class='year'>"+obj.year+" year</div> </div>"
				}
~~~

{{sample 06_dataview/02_templates/02_js.html}}

- If value is defined by JSON/XML tag **value** - you refer to it as **obj.value.**
- If value is defined by template - you refer to it as **obj.title**, **obj.rank**, **obj.data0** (CSV, JSArray) etc. 


## XSS Safe templates

By default, templates markers will be replaced with a value of data without any processing. If you have an HTML data in the data object, it will placed in the template.
In most cases this is an advantage, but sometimes it may be necessary to output such data as text, not a html 

- when you have text data with html special chars ( < > & characters ) 
- when you are not sure is data safe or not ( was entered by the user ) 

In such cases you can use a bit different syntax

~~~js
{
  template:"My #data#" // will output data as HTML content 
},
{
  template:"My #!data#" // will output data as Text content 
},
~~~

@index:
  - desktop/tooltip.md
  - desktop/type.md

@complexity:2
