data/desktop/kanban_board.md, before:

Kanban Board
==============

API Reference
---------------

- [Methods, properties and events](api/refs/ui.kanban.md)
- [Samples](http://docs.webix.com/samples/63_kanban/index.html)


<div class="h2">Overview</div>

Webix Kanban board is a tool that is intended for viewing work in progress and controlling the flow of work.  
With this widget, your team will be aware of what each of the members should be working on. 

Webix Kanban board is rather flexible and can have any number of columns and rows. It's also easily customizable via HTML Templates.
Fully written in JavaScript and CSS this component can be integrated in any web application or web page.

<br>
<img style="display:block; margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;" src="kanban/kanban_front.png"/>


<div class="h2">Guides</div>

<table  style='border-left:none !important;' cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5" border="0">
	<tbody>
	<tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics'>
		    <h4 id='ui'>
		        Configuring Kanban
		    </h4>
		    <ul id="design_sublist">
                <li>kanban/kanban_init.md</li>
                <li>kanban/loading_data.md</li>
                <li>kanban/templates.md</li>
                <li>kanban/configuration.md</li>
            </ul>
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description'>Discusses the main points of Kanban Board initialization and customization.</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics'>
		    <h4 id='ui'>
		        Working with Kanban
		    </h4>
		    <ul id="design_sublist">
                <li>kanban/adding_items.md</li>
                <li>kanban/work_with_data.md</li>
                <li>kanban/editing_items.md</li>
                <li>kanban/events.md</li>
                <li>kanban/howto.md</li>
            </ul>
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description'>Describes possible operations with Kanban Board and its elements.</td>
	</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>

@index:

- kanban/kanban_init.md
- kanban/loading_data.md
- kanban/templates.md
- kanban/configuration.md
- kanban/adding_items.md
- kanban/work_with_data.md
- kanban/editing_items.md
- kanban/events.md
- kanban/howto.md

Commit message:

main pages of extensions docs updated

data/desktop/kanban_board.md, after:

Kanban Board
==============

API Reference
---------------

- [Methods, properties and events](api/refs/ui.kanban.md)


<div class="h2">External resources</div>


- You can [download Kanban Board](http://webix.com/kanban/download.html) from [http://webix.com/kanban/](http://webix.com/kanban/)
- There are online samples at [docs.webix.com/samples](http://docs.webix.com/samples/63_kanban/index.html)


Overview
----------

Webix Kanban board is a tool that is intended for viewing work in progress and controlling the flow of work.  
With this widget, your team will be aware of what each of the members should be working on. 

Webix Kanban board is rather flexible and can have any number of columns and rows. It's also easily customizable via HTML Templates.
Fully written in JavaScript and CSS this component can be integrated in any web application or web page.

<br>
<img style="display:block; margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;" src="kanban/kanban_front.png"/>


<div class="h2">Guides</div>

<table  style='border-left:none !important;' cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5" border="0">
	<tbody>
	<tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics'>
		    <h4 id='ui'>
		        Configuring Kanban
		    </h4>
		    <ul id="design_sublist">
                <li>kanban/kanban_init.md</li>
                <li>kanban/loading_data.md</li>
                <li>kanban/templates.md</li>
                <li>kanban/configuration.md</li>
            </ul>
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description'>Discusses the main points of Kanban Board initialization and customization.</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics'>
		    <h4 id='ui'>
		        Working with Kanban
		    </h4>
		    <ul id="design_sublist">
                <li>kanban/adding_items.md</li>
                <li>kanban/work_with_data.md</li>
                <li>kanban/editing_items.md</li>
                <li>kanban/events.md</li>
                <li>kanban/howto.md</li>
            </ul>
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description'>Describes possible operations with Kanban Board and its elements.</td>
	</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>

@index:

- kanban/kanban_init.md
- kanban/loading_data.md
- kanban/templates.md
- kanban/configuration.md
- kanban/adding_items.md
- kanban/work_with_data.md
- kanban/editing_items.md
- kanban/events.md
- kanban/howto.md
