data/desktop/spreadsheet.md, before:

SpreadSheet
=============

API Reference
---------------

- [Methods, properties and events](api/refs/ui.spreadsheet.md)

<div class="h2">External resources</div>

- You can [download Webix SpreadSheet](http://webix.com/spreadsheet/download.html) from [http://webix.com/spreadsheet/](http://webix.com/spreadsheet/)
- There are online samples at [docs.webix.com/samples](http://docs.webix.com/samples/65_spreadsheet/index.html)

<div class="h2">Overview</div>


Webix SpreadSheet is a component intended for creating tables and performing various operations with their data and appearance.

Webix SpreadSheet represents a web-tool for making tables online and keeping all the data locally. Thus, all the information in your reports and accounts will be kept secure and always at hand.
The ready-made document can be exported into an Excel file, and you can import an Excel document into SpreadSheet as well.

The component includes all the necessary functionality for handy work with data presented in the tabular form. You can edit and format the content of cells, resize cells,
apply diverse styles, fonts and borders' types, align text and merge cells in rows and columns. Mathematical functions are also included. The component can be localized according to the rules
of various languages.

<br>

<img style="display:block; margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;" src="desktop/spreadsheet_front.png">

<div class="h2">Guides</div>

<table  style='border-left:none !important;' cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5" border="0">
	<tbody>
	<tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics'>
		    <h4 id='ui'>
		        Configuring SpreadSheet
		    </h4>
		    <ul id="design_sublist">
                <li>spreadsheet/spreadsheet_init.md</li>                
                <li>spreadsheet/loading_data.md</li>
                <li>spreadsheet/localization.md</li>
                <li>spreadsheet/config.md</li>          
            </ul>
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description'>Discusses the main points of SpreadSheet initialization and configuration.</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics'>
		    <h4 id='ui'>
		        Look and Feel of SpreadSheet
		    </h4>
		    <ul id="design_sublist">
                <li>spreadsheet/customization.md</li>   
                <li>spreadsheet/frozen_rows_columns.md</li> 
                <li>spreadsheet/ui_guide.md</li>
            </ul>
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description'>Tells about the possibilities of customizing the SpreadSheet appearance.</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics'>
		    <h4 id='ui'>
		        Working with SpreadSheet
		    </h4>
		    <ul id="design_sublist">
            	<li>spreadsheet/cell_content.md</li> 
            	<li>spreadsheet/conditional_formatting.md</li>
            	<li>spreadsheet/math.md</li>
                <li>spreadsheet/multiple_sheets.md</li>
                <li>spreadsheet/rows_columns.md</li>                
            </ul>
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description'>Describes possible operations with SpreadSheet and its elements.</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics'>
		    <h4 id='ui'>
		        Export and Import
		    </h4>
		    <ul id="design_sublist">            	
                <li>spreadsheet/export.md</li>
                <li>spreadsheet/import.md</li>                              
            </ul>
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description'>Dwells on available options you've got for importing and exporting SpreadSheet data.</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics'>
		    <h4 id='ui'>
		        Supplementary Resources
		    </h4>
		    <ul id="design_sublist">            	
                <li>spreadsheet/handling_events.md</li>
                <li>spreadsheet/howto.md</li> 
            </ul>
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description'>Contains additional information you may need while working with SpreadSheet.</td>
	</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>


@index:
- spreadsheet/spreadsheet_init.md
- spreadsheet/loading_data.md
- spreadsheet/localization.md
- spreadsheet/config.md
- spreadsheet/customization.md
- spreadsheet/frozen_rows_columns.md
- spreadsheet/ui_guide.md
- spreadsheet/cell_content.md
- spreadsheet/conditional_formatting.md
- spreadsheet/math.md
- spreadsheet/multiple_sheets.md
- spreadsheet/rows_columns.md
- spreadsheet/export.md
- spreadsheet/import.md
- spreadsheet/handling_events.md
- spreadsheet/howto.md

Commit message:

[add] common and scheduler what's new and new api docs are added

data/desktop/spreadsheet.md, after:

SpreadSheet
=============

What's New
-----------

Check recently added features, latest updates and bugfixes in the spreadsheet/whats_new.md list.

API Reference
---------------

- [Methods, properties and events](api/refs/ui.spreadsheet.md)

<div class="h2">External resources</div>

- You can [download Webix SpreadSheet](http://webix.com/spreadsheet/download.html) from [http://webix.com/spreadsheet/](http://webix.com/spreadsheet/)
- There are online samples at [docs.webix.com/samples](http://docs.webix.com/samples/65_spreadsheet/index.html)

<div class="h2">Overview</div>


Webix SpreadSheet is a component intended for creating tables and performing various operations with their data and appearance.

Webix SpreadSheet represents a web-tool for making tables online and keeping all the data locally. Thus, all the information in your reports and accounts will be kept secure and always at hand.
The ready-made document can be exported into an Excel file, and you can import an Excel document into SpreadSheet as well.

The component includes all the necessary functionality for handy work with data presented in the tabular form. 
You can edit and format the content of cells, resize cells, apply diverse styles, fonts and borders' types, align text and merge cells in rows 
and columns. Mathematical functions are also included. The component can be localized according to the rules
of various languages.

<br>

<img style="display:block; margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;" src="desktop/spreadsheet_front.png">

<div class="h2">Guides</div>

<table  style='border-left:none !important;' cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5" border="0">
	<tbody>
	<tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics'>
		    <h4 id='ui'>
		        Configuring SpreadSheet
		    </h4>
		    <ul id="design_sublist">
                <li>spreadsheet/spreadsheet_init.md</li>                
                <li>spreadsheet/loading_data.md</li>
                <li>spreadsheet/localization.md</li>
                <li>spreadsheet/config.md</li>          
            </ul>
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description'>Discusses the main points of SpreadSheet initialization and configuration.</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics'>
		    <h4 id='ui'>
		        Look and Feel of SpreadSheet
		    </h4>
		    <ul id="design_sublist">
                <li>spreadsheet/customization.md</li>   
                <li>spreadsheet/frozen_rows_columns.md</li> 
                <li>spreadsheet/ui_guide.md</li>
            </ul>
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description'>Tells about the possibilities of customizing the SpreadSheet appearance.</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics'>
		    <h4 id='ui'>
		        Working with SpreadSheet
		    </h4>
		    <ul id="design_sublist">
            	<li>spreadsheet/cell_content.md</li> 
            	<li>spreadsheet/conditional_formatting.md</li>
            	<li>spreadsheet/math.md</li>
                <li>spreadsheet/functions.md</li>
                <li>spreadsheet/multiple_sheets.md</li>
                <li>spreadsheet/rows_columns.md</li>                
            </ul>
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description'>Describes possible operations with SpreadSheet and its elements.</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics'>
		    <h4 id='ui'>
		        Export and Import
		    </h4>
		    <ul id="design_sublist">            	
                <li>spreadsheet/export.md</li>
                <li>spreadsheet/import.md</li>                              
            </ul>
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description'>Dwells on available options you've got for importing and exporting SpreadSheet data.</td>
	</tr>
    <tr>
		<td id="design" class='topics'>
		    <h4 id='ui'>
		        Supplementary Resources
		    </h4>
		    <ul id="design_sublist">            	
                <li>spreadsheet/handling_events.md</li>
                <li>spreadsheet/howto.md</li> 
            </ul>
		</td>
		<td class='topic_description'>Contains additional information you may need while working with SpreadSheet.</td>
	</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>


@index:
- spreadsheet/whats_new.md
- spreadsheet/spreadsheet_init.md
- spreadsheet/loading_data.md
- spreadsheet/localization.md
- spreadsheet/config.md
- spreadsheet/customization.md
- spreadsheet/frozen_rows_columns.md
- spreadsheet/ui_guide.md
- spreadsheet/cell_content.md
- spreadsheet/conditional_formatting.md
- spreadsheet/math.md
- spreadsheet/functions.md
- spreadsheet/multiple_sheets.md
- spreadsheet/rows_columns.md
- spreadsheet/export.md
- spreadsheet/import.md
- spreadsheet/handling_events.md
- spreadsheet/howto.md
