data/desktop/toolbar.md, before:

Toolbar
=============

##API Reference

- [Methods, properties and events](api__refs__ui.toolbar.html)
- [Samples](http://docs.webix.com/samples/02_toolbar/index.html)


##Overview

Ui-related toolbar inherits from [layout](desktop/layout.md). It is the place to nest all the possible controls including, buttons, 
labels, icons, checkboxes, combos, etc. For the full list of controls please refer to the library's [Controls Guide](desktop/controls.md). 

<img style="display:block; margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;"  src="desktop/toolbar.png" />


##Initialization

Toolbar controls are put into the **elements** array and are arranged into a horizontal line. 

To distinguish between horizontal and vertical control arrangement, use **cols** and **rows** arrays respectively. 

{{snippet
A three-button toolbar
}}
~~~js
webix.ui({
	view:"toolbar",
    id:"myToolbar",
	cols:[
		{ view:"button", id:"LoadBut", value:"Load", width:100, align:"left" },
		{ view:"button", value:"Save", width:100, align:"center" },
		{ view:"button", value:"Info", width:100, align:"right" }]
});		
~~~

{{sample 02_toolbar/04_toolbar_align.html}}


Specify the ID of a toolbar as well as ID-s of all the necessary controls if you want to work with them later. 

{{note
There exists a possibility to specify [common configuration](desktop/common_config.md) for all controls included into this or that toolbar. 
}}


##Working with Toolbar

####Image Buttons

<img src="desktop/image_buttons.png"/>

{{sample 02_toolbar/07_toolbar_image_button.html }}

Differently-sized buttons can be included into the toolbar with the help of a custom function:

~~~js
	webix.ui({
		container:"areaD",
		view:"toolbar",
		cols: buttons(48) /*here you specify the parameter you want to 
        					pass to the function defined later*/
	});	
    
   function buttons(size){
				return  [
					{ view:"button", type:"image"+size,
						image:"../common/imgs/"+size+"/save.gif", width:size+7},
					{ view:"button", type:"image"+size,
						image:"../common/imgs/"+size+"/copy.gif", width:size+7}
				];
               }
~~~

More info about how to [manipulate button groups](desktop/button_groups.md).

####Icon Buttons

Icons can be nested into all the library conponents. Within toolbar, icon buttons look definitely stylish.

<img src="desktop/toolbar_icons.png"/>

{{sample 02_toolbar/11_toolbar_icons.html }}

Learn more about icon types in the [dedicated chapter of the manual](desktop/icon_types.md). 



##Related Articles

- [Controls](desktop/controls.md)
- [Tabview Functionality](desktop/tabview.md)
- [Toolbar CSS Image Map](desktop/toolbar_css.md)

Commit message:

[add] button and menu badges

data/desktop/toolbar.md, after:

Toolbar
=============

##API Reference

- [Methods, properties and events](api__refs__ui.toolbar.html)
- [Samples](http://docs.webix.com/samples/02_toolbar/index.html)


##Overview

Ui-related toolbar inherits from [layout](desktop/layout.md). It is the place to nest all the possible controls including, buttons, 
labels, icons, checkboxes, combos, etc. For the full list of controls please refer to the library's [Controls Guide](desktop/controls.md). 

<img style="display:block; margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;"  src="desktop/toolbar.png" />


##Initialization

Toolbar controls are put into the **elements** array and are arranged into a horizontal line. 

To distinguish between horizontal and vertical control arrangement, use **cols** and **rows** arrays respectively. 

{{snippet
A three-button toolbar
}}
~~~js
webix.ui({
	view:"toolbar",
    id:"myToolbar",
	cols:[
		{ view:"button", id:"LoadBut", value:"Load", width:100, align:"left" },
		{ view:"button", value:"Save", width:100, align:"center" },
		{ view:"button", value:"Info", width:100, align:"right" }]
});		
~~~

{{sample 02_toolbar/04_toolbar_align.html}}


Specify the ID of a toolbar as well as ID-s of all the necessary controls if you want to work with them later. 

{{note
There exists a possibility to specify [common configuration](desktop/common_config.md) for all controls included into this or that toolbar. 
}}


##Working with Toolbar

###Image Buttons

<img src="desktop/image_buttons.png"/>

{{sample 02_toolbar/07_toolbar_image_button.html }}

Differently-sized buttons can be included into the toolbar with the help of a custom function:

~~~js
	webix.ui({
		container:"areaD",
		view:"toolbar",
		cols: buttons(48) /*here you specify the parameter you want to 
        					pass to the function defined later*/
	});	
    
   function buttons(size){
				return  [
					{ view:"button", type:"image"+size,
						image:"../common/imgs/"+size+"/save.gif", width:size+7},
					{ view:"button", type:"image"+size,
						image:"../common/imgs/"+size+"/copy.gif", width:size+7}
				];
               }
~~~

More info about how to [manipulate button groups](desktop/button_groups.md).

###Icon Buttons

Icons can be nested into all the library conponents. Within toolbar, icon buttons look definitely stylish.

<img src="desktop/toolbar_icons.png"/>

{{sample 02_toolbar/11_toolbar_icons.html }}

Learn more about icon types in the [dedicated chapter of the manual](desktop/icon_types.md). 


###Icon Buttons with Badges

It is possible to set badges for icon buttons. A badge is an orange circle used to notify about the number of new messages:

<img src="desktop/toolbar_badges.png"/>

To specify a badge for a toolbar icon, use the **badge** property with a numeric or string value.

~~~js
webix.ui({
	container:"areaA",
	view:"toolbar",
	cols:[
		{ view:"button", badge:1, type:"icon", icon:"envelope", label:"Mail" },
		...
	]
});
~~~

{{sample
02_toolbar/21_toolbar_badges.html
}}


##Related Articles

- [Controls](desktop/controls.md)
- [Tabview Functionality](desktop/tabview.md)
- [Toolbar CSS Image Map](desktop/toolbar_css.md)
