data/api/toc/ui_mixins.md, before:

Mixins
======

{{links

- api/refs/activecontent.md -  Allows to place active element in other views
- api/refs/atomdataloader.md -  primitive data loader
- api/refs/atomrender.md -  primitive render for views
- api/refs/autotooltip.md -  allows for setting a prompting message for data items
- api/refs/basebind.md -  core of all bind operations
- api/refs/bindsource.md -  logic for source of data in bind operations
- api/refs/canvas.md -  wrapper for HTML Canvas tag
- api/refs/collectionbind.md -  binding rules for collections of objects
- api/refs/contexthelper.md -  provides for subviews seen by right mouse click
- api/refs/copypaste.md -  provides support for copy-paste operations (integration with clipboard) 
- api/refs/customscroll.md - 
- api/refs/datacollection.md -  view-less control which stores collections of data objects 
- api/refs/datadriver.md -  data parsing for different format
- api/refs/dataloader.md -  loads and process data in to component
- api/refs/datamarks.md -  implements extra data storage
- api/refs/datamove.md -  transfer data between different components
- api/refs/dataprocessor.md -  handles clien-server data saving operations
- api/refs/datarecord.md -  data binding for components which store collection of data object
- api/refs/datastate.md -  enables saving application state
- api/refs/datastore.md -  core of all operations for data-collection based components
- api/refs/datavalue.md -  view-less object, stores single value
- api/refs/date.md -  date formatting | processing logic
- api/refs/destruction.md -  clean object references during object destruction
- api/refs/dragcontrol.md -  handlers drag-n-drop events
- api/refs/dragitem.md -  interface which adds ability to drag items for components with datastore inside
- api/refs/dragorder.md -  implements DND for data collections
- api/refs/editability.md -  implement common edit interactions
- api/refs/eventsystem.md -  inner event system
- api/refs/group.md -  data grouping and sorting logic
- api/refs/groupmethods.md -  a collection of functors for grouping
- api/refs/groupstore.md -  implements grouping of data
- api/refs/htmlmap.md -  wrapper for image maps
- api/refs/idspace.md -  separate layer of ids
- api/refs/keysnavigation.md -  implements keyboard navigation
- api/refs/mapcollection.md - 
- api/refs/modality.md -  sets modality to popup views
- api/refs/mouseevents.md -  adds inner events for all mouse actions
- api/refs/movable.md -  adds ability to move data in component or between components
- api/refs/navigationbuttons.md -  NavigationButtons for carousel view
- api/refs/number.md -  number formating|processing logic
- api/refs/overlaybox.md -  show a temporary layer other view
- api/refs/pagingability.md -  interface which adds support for pager
- api/refs/powerarray.md -  extension for arrays
- api/refs/progressbar.md - 
- api/refs/recordbind.md -  binding logic for view which have single data object
- api/refs/renderstack.md -  render strategy for plain datasets
- api/refs/scrollable.md -  adds scroll for the view
- api/refs/selectionmodel.md -  implements basic selection API
- api/refs/settings.md -  allows configuration of component
- api/refs/singlerender.md -  render for single-value views
- api/refs/tablepaste.md -  implements copy-paste for datatable
- api/refs/touch.md -  touch events and touch scroll
- api/refs/treeapi.md -  implements common API for tree like components
- api/refs/treeclick.md -  implements click handler for tree like components
- api/refs/treecollection.md -  non-ui component for hierarchical data
- api/refs/treedataloader.md -  loads hierarchical data
- api/refs/treedatamove.md -  implement copy and move for tree like components
- api/refs/treerenderstack.md -  implements rendering strategy for tree like components 
- api/refs/treestatecheckbox.md -  implements tree-state checkbox functionality
- api/refs/treestore.md -  hierarchical store
- api/refs/treetableclick.md -  contains tree specific click handlers
- api/refs/treetablepaste.md -  implements copy-paste for treetable
- api/refs/treetype.md -  contains elements of tree template
- api/refs/uiextension.md -  can be used to extend base views with custom methods
- api/refs/uimanager.md -  controls focus and hotkeys for webix.ui
- api/refs/uploaddriver.md -  implements file uploader driver
- api/refs/validatecollection.md -  implements validation for data collections
- api/refs/validatedata.md -  data validation logic
- api/refs/valuebind.md -  binding logic for single value components
- api/refs/values.md -  manupilates values of the form and form fields
- api/refs/virtualrenderstack.md -  allows on-demand rendering for plain datasets
- api/refs/ui.baselayout.md -  a base class for layout-based UI components
- api/refs/ui.baseview.md -  the very base object for all components
- api/refs/ui.proto.md -  the very base class for UI components
- api/refs/ui.resizearea.md -  visualization and handling resize movements
- api/refs/ui.view.md -  a pure view with borders but without any content inside it
- api/refs/ui.vscroll.md -  virtual scrolls

}}


@index:

- api/refs/activecontent.md
- api/refs/atomdataloader.md
- api/refs/atomrender.md
- api/refs/autotooltip.md
- api/refs/basebind.md
- api/refs/bindsource.md
- api/refs/canvas.md
- api/refs/collectionbind.md
- api/refs/contexthelper.md
- api/refs/copypaste.md
- api/refs/customscroll.md
- api/refs/datacollection.md
- api/refs/datadriver.md
- api/refs/dataloader.md
- api/refs/datamarks.md
- api/refs/datamove.md
- api/refs/dataprocessor.md
- api/refs/datarecord.md
- api/refs/datastate.md
- api/refs/datastore.md
- api/refs/datavalue.md
- api/refs/date.md
- api/refs/destruction.md
- api/refs/dragcontrol.md
- api/refs/dragitem.md
- api/refs/dragorder.md
- api/refs/editability.md
- api/refs/eventsystem.md
- api/refs/group.md
- api/refs/groupmethods.md
- api/refs/groupstore.md
- api/refs/htmlmap.md
- api/refs/idspace.md
- api/refs/keysnavigation.md
- api/refs/mapcollection.md
- api/refs/modality.md
- api/refs/mouseevents.md
- api/refs/movable.md
- api/refs/navigationbuttons.md
- api/refs/number.md
- api/refs/overlaybox.md
- api/refs/pagingability.md
- api/refs/powerarray.md
- api/refs/progressbar.md
- api/refs/recordbind.md
- api/refs/renderstack.md
- api/refs/scrollable.md
- api/refs/selectionmodel.md
- api/refs/settings.md
- api/refs/singlerender.md
- api/refs/tablepaste.md
- api/refs/touch.md
- api/refs/treeapi.md
- api/refs/treeclick.md
- api/refs/treecollection.md
- api/refs/treedataloader.md
- api/refs/treedatamove.md
- api/refs/treerenderstack.md
- api/refs/treestatecheckbox.md
- api/refs/treestore.md
- api/refs/treetableclick.md
- api/refs/treetablepaste.md
- api/refs/treetype.md
- api/refs/uiextension.md
- api/refs/uimanager.md
- api/refs/uploaddriver.md
- api/refs/validatecollection.md
- api/refs/validatedata.md
- api/refs/valuebind.md
- api/refs/values.md
- api/refs/virtualrenderstack.md
- api/refs/ui.baselayout.md
- api/refs/ui.baseview.md
- api/refs/ui.proto.md
- api/refs/ui.resizearea.md
- api/refs/ui.view.md
- api/refs/ui.vscroll.md

Commit message:

[update] missed documentation for Ajax helper, form, export; fixes

data/api/toc/ui_mixins.md, after:

Mixins
======

{{memo

Here you can explore Webix mixins - blocks of common functionality that are already shared by most of 
the existing components. 

E.g. [SelectionModel](api/refs/selectionmodel.md) mixin is used for all the data components to make their item selectable. It features selection methods, 
properties and events that help effectively control selection.

Some mixins are not included into the component. For instance, only [datatable](datatable/index.md) and [treetable](desktop/treetable.md) feature 
[EditAbility](api/refs/editability.md) mixin out of the box while other components should be extended with this mixin to get the editing API. 

~~~js
//extending
webix.protoUI({
    name:"edittree"
}, webix.EditAbility, webix.ui.tree);
~~~
}}

{{sample 17_datatree/05_edit/01_selection.html}}

Such cases are highlighted in the dedicated chapters of the documentation. 

Mixins can be used while creating the components from scratch as well as while extending the functionality of already existing views. For more
information study the desktop/extending_components.md documentation.

##Mixins

{{links

- api/refs/activecontent.md -  Allows to place active element in other views
- api/refs/atomdataloader.md -  primitive data loader
- api/refs/atomrender.md -  primitive render for views
- api/refs/autotooltip.md -  allows for setting a prompting message for data items
- api/refs/basebind.md -  core of all bind operations
- api/refs/bindsource.md -  logic for source of data in bind operations
- api/refs/canvas.md -  wrapper for HTML Canvas tag
- api/refs/collectionbind.md -  binding rules for collections of objects
- api/refs/contexthelper.md -  provides for subviews seen by right mouse click
- api/refs/copypaste.md -  provides support for copy-paste operations (integration with clipboard) 
- api/refs/customscroll.md - 
- api/refs/datacollection.md -  view-less control which stores collections of data objects 
- api/refs/datadriver.md -  data parsing for different format
- api/refs/dataloader.md -  loads and process data in to component
- api/refs/datamarks.md -  implements extra data storage
- api/refs/datamove.md -  transfer data between different components
- api/refs/dataprocessor.md -  handles clien-server data saving operations
- api/refs/datarecord.md -  data binding for components which store collection of data object
- api/refs/datastate.md -  enables saving application state
- api/refs/datastore.md -  core of all operations for data-collection based components
- api/refs/datavalue.md -  view-less object, stores single value
- api/refs/date.md -  date formatting | processing logic
- api/refs/destruction.md -  clean object references during object destruction
- api/refs/dragcontrol.md -  handlers drag-n-drop events
- api/refs/dragitem.md -  interface which adds ability to drag items for components with datastore inside
- api/refs/dragorder.md -  implements DND for data collections
- api/refs/editability.md -  implement common edit interactions
- api/refs/eventsystem.md -  inner event system
- api/refs/group.md -  data grouping and sorting logic
- api/refs/groupmethods.md -  a collection of functors for grouping
- api/refs/groupstore.md -  implements grouping of data
- api/refs/htmlmap.md -  wrapper for image maps
- api/refs/idspace.md -  separate layer of ids
- api/refs/keysnavigation.md -  implements keyboard navigation
- api/refs/mapcollection.md - 
- api/refs/modality.md -  sets modality to popup views
- api/refs/mouseevents.md -  adds inner events for all mouse actions
- api/refs/movable.md -  adds ability to move data in component or between components
- api/refs/navigationbuttons.md -  NavigationButtons for carousel view
- api/refs/number.md -  number formating|processing logic
- api/refs/overlaybox.md -  show a temporary layer other view
- api/refs/pagingability.md -  interface which adds support for pager
- api/refs/powerarray.md -  extension for arrays
- api/refs/progressbar.md - 
- api/refs/recordbind.md -  binding logic for view which have single data object
- api/refs/renderstack.md -  render strategy for plain datasets
- api/refs/scrollable.md -  adds scroll for the view
- api/refs/selectionmodel.md -  implements basic selection API
- api/refs/settings.md -  allows configuration of component
- api/refs/singlerender.md -  render for single-value views
- api/refs/tablepaste.md -  implements copy-paste for datatable
- api/refs/touch.md -  touch events and touch scroll
- api/refs/treeapi.md -  implements common API for tree like components
- api/refs/treeclick.md -  implements click handler for tree like components
- api/refs/treecollection.md -  non-ui component for hierarchical data
- api/refs/treedataloader.md -  loads hierarchical data
- api/refs/treedatamove.md -  implement copy and move for tree like components
- api/refs/treerenderstack.md -  implements rendering strategy for tree like components 
- api/refs/treestatecheckbox.md -  implements tree-state checkbox functionality
- api/refs/treestore.md -  hierarchical store
- api/refs/treetableclick.md -  contains tree specific click handlers
- api/refs/treetablepaste.md -  implements copy-paste for treetable
- api/refs/treetype.md -  contains elements of tree template
- api/refs/uiextension.md -  can be used to extend base views with custom methods
- api/refs/uimanager.md -  controls focus and hotkeys for webix.ui
- api/refs/uploaddriver.md -  implements file uploader driver
- api/refs/validatecollection.md -  implements validation for data collections
- api/refs/validatedata.md -  data validation logic
- api/refs/valuebind.md -  binding logic for single value components
- api/refs/values.md -  manupilates values of the form and form fields
- api/refs/virtualrenderstack.md -  allows on-demand rendering for plain datasets
- api/refs/ui.baselayout.md -  a base class for layout-based UI components
- api/refs/ui.baseview.md -  the very base object for all components
- api/refs/ui.proto.md -  the very base class for UI components
- api/refs/ui.resizearea.md -  visualization and handling resize movements
- api/refs/ui.view.md -  a pure view with borders but without any content inside it
- api/refs/ui.vscroll.md -  virtual scrolls

}}


@index:

- api/refs/activecontent.md
- api/refs/atomdataloader.md
- api/refs/atomrender.md
- api/refs/autotooltip.md
- api/refs/basebind.md
- api/refs/bindsource.md
- api/refs/canvas.md
- api/refs/collectionbind.md
- api/refs/contexthelper.md
- api/refs/copypaste.md
- api/refs/customscroll.md
- api/refs/datacollection.md
- api/refs/datadriver.md
- api/refs/dataloader.md
- api/refs/datamarks.md
- api/refs/datamove.md
- api/refs/dataprocessor.md
- api/refs/datarecord.md
- api/refs/datastate.md
- api/refs/datastore.md
- api/refs/datavalue.md
- api/refs/date.md
- api/refs/destruction.md
- api/refs/dragcontrol.md
- api/refs/dragitem.md
- api/refs/dragorder.md
- api/refs/editability.md
- api/refs/eventsystem.md
- api/refs/group.md
- api/refs/groupmethods.md
- api/refs/groupstore.md
- api/refs/htmlmap.md
- api/refs/idspace.md
- api/refs/keysnavigation.md
- api/refs/mapcollection.md
- api/refs/modality.md
- api/refs/mouseevents.md
- api/refs/movable.md
- api/refs/navigationbuttons.md
- api/refs/number.md
- api/refs/overlaybox.md
- api/refs/pagingability.md
- api/refs/powerarray.md
- api/refs/progressbar.md
- api/refs/recordbind.md
- api/refs/renderstack.md
- api/refs/scrollable.md
- api/refs/selectionmodel.md
- api/refs/settings.md
- api/refs/singlerender.md
- api/refs/tablepaste.md
- api/refs/touch.md
- api/refs/treeapi.md
- api/refs/treeclick.md
- api/refs/treecollection.md
- api/refs/treedataloader.md
- api/refs/treedatamove.md
- api/refs/treerenderstack.md
- api/refs/treestatecheckbox.md
- api/refs/treestore.md
- api/refs/treetableclick.md
- api/refs/treetablepaste.md
- api/refs/treetype.md
- api/refs/uiextension.md
- api/refs/uimanager.md
- api/refs/uploaddriver.md
- api/refs/validatecollection.md
- api/refs/validatedata.md
- api/refs/valuebind.md
- api/refs/values.md
- api/refs/virtualrenderstack.md
- api/refs/ui.baselayout.md
- api/refs/ui.baseview.md
- api/refs/ui.proto.md
- api/refs/ui.resizearea.md
- api/refs/ui.view.md
- api/refs/ui.vscroll.md
